<num> damage with shot gun point blank <num> times this game blows
the tutorial is long , begining map sector is too easy to the point where you dont even need to build defences . if you make it past the first few hours i think its fun but could get old pretty fast . recommend playing with friends , blast through the beginning , and it gets more challenging . btw this game will be free next year if you dont want to risk buying it .
weapons are extremely unbalanced , hit registration is non existant half of the time , and spontaneous death occurs way yoo often from a single bullet from anything . not to mention the weapon accuracy seems to be luck based .
take the cartoony monsters of pvz , add in the epic weapons and feel of borderlands , and throw in the crafting open world feel of <num> days ; and you get this action packed thrill of a game !
the longer you play , the more the game introduces making it harder and more complicated . ive played the game for the better part of today ( <num> ) and i will say that so far i have been enjoying it thoroughly , even being stuck playing with random strangers and no communication . its easy enough that you dont necessarily need communication although believe me it helps . the further you progress the more types of baddies the game introduces , and the harder and stronger they become . the skill tree becomes increasingly larger and slightly more confusing the more you level up , and i will say the thing i have been annoyed with the most is the lack of clear description or explanation for a lot of game mechanics , specifically having to do with survivors , squads and other such things you deal with in the menus . but , to be fair , some things ive given up in confusion on get explained just a few story missions later . has a great feature that allows to rejoin ongoing game if your game crashes .
the game is great the crafting is easy the combat isnt hard to figure out and theres alot of weapons and character the graphics are great and overal a great game
i love the look and the borderlands feel i think they should add split screen though overall its awesome also its only <num> dollar for the regular edition !
i would give it a <num> but i bought alot of vbucks but dont have cross platform also xbox should get free skins and picaxes and please fix double pump if you do i will love it
cant put controller down . this game is totally awesome , addicting , and challenging !
havnt been this excited for a game in a while !
its fun but it had a specel feel when i started during christmas but it lost it whith season <num> and the glitches also building used tobe simpler so ya
this is fun but expensive they should drop the price to half of what it is now .
you cant even play the game without running into a tryhard who no lifes the game everyday <num> hours a day . my friends use to play different games , and talk about actual stuff . now its just i need to get a new cosmetic before my mom grounds me for getting v bucks with her debit card . people non stop play this game to the point where the game isnt fun anymore . they still play it thought to show they can win . the only real objective is to win and get cosmetics . i mean the lag is horrible , there are sweaty people left and right , the game is pretty much pointless , and it is taking away the chance to do other things . now its just fortnite . this is what this generation has come to . just warning you if you get sucked in by this game youre not getting out . save the world is ok but everything else sucks .
so you want to buyplay a good battle royale game ? well this is not the game for you . welcome to fortnite battle royale , a game such like pubg we might be getting sued for it . we have <num> of a kind weapons . like the pumpshotgun . it has <num> damage per shot but it only does <num> close range . we have the brecci . wait i mean the semiauto shotgun . its supposed to do less damage than the pump , but lets just say , with this weapon who needs a sniper . that brings us to the snipers . specifically the semi and the bolt . each bullet you shoot has a faster drop rate than your prom dates . the theres the rifles . the burst and the full auto . each one is terrible in its own way . the burst has the spray of a pornstar , and the full auto hits like a pea shooter . then the submachine gun , oh and its direct retarded cousin , the tacticle version . both are just god awful , like god wouldnt use these to kill people . hed use the revolver , which has the best accuracy . so in general . just wait for pubg . not this .
love the game , but there are still many issues in need of tlc . first , playing with friends is a joke . if you are <num> + level difference , forget about being social . to progress through the levels after the initial <num> hours play time requires either money spent on vbucks or a lot of in game time . not suprising since this game will be free to play in the near future , but still frustrating ( <num> + hours for one tech node at level <num> [obviously im not their yet , but i did the math]) . all that being said . great game .
it is surely a game that will keep you interested throughout the time you play . always keeping you on your toes with thoughts of where you will get shot at from next . it is definitely a game that is worth a shot ! <num> !
update : the game is getting better , give it a . try if youre interested ! still has a long way to go though . <emoji>
fortnite is a very enjoyable experience with friends . your mileage may very depending on which version of the game you get and how much time your willing to put in it , but the game has a terrible repetition factor that for people who want a variety of things to do in the game will be disappointed greatly like i was , for those who are ok with this extreme repetition , the games systems , gameplay , and over all structure is great (ha , puns) .
founders get nothing but random loot crates . it takes far too long to progress . have a favorite class from the trailer ? be ready to grind for hours and hours before playing it . find a cool gun ? be ready to grind to craft it . enjoying your loot ? be ready to grind when it breaks . no reason to pay $ <num> for a f <num> p grind
i had issues , but the game is awesome now
i enjoy game with the little amount of friends i have .
the game is fun at first , but if you even get the slightest hint of competition youll only get mad at the game . meaning itll turn into a game you think youre having fun at but are really putting yourself in hours of repeated pain .
. i enjoy it , increasing in difficulty , mission variety , a genuine learning curve compared to a lot of games . joining others and seeing their designs have made me always want to use a few ideas . the leveling is extensive and loot seems fair , even for those getting the $ <num> version . despite slightsmall server issues its still enjoyable filled with bits of frustration .
this game is horrible . it is just a game full of trolls and confusion . never be friends with people who friends unless you know them !
fornite is falling apart . the game use to be fun now its boring and stale , shotguns are useless because smgs are op , plus the game is nerfing the thing that makes it unique . and that is building along with countless bugs and lags . epic fix your game
everytime i try to play it it just crashes it doesnt even start
save the world give it , insted of giving us ne guns in battle royal give us save the world for free plz !
its too fast and raided by <num> year olds

it keeps saying that there was an error signing in to xbox live . is there anything i can do to fix it ? its been like this for months . update : i try to sign in n your website but it says that my account is inactive . i tried signing in with a different account but then it says my xbox live account was already linked . please tell me how to reactivate my account . once you fix this i will give a <num> star rating . until then , you are stuck with <num> star . please fix it .
most inconsistent gun fights ive ever seen in a game ! sometimes shotguns do <num> damage a shot and sometimes they do literally less than <num> . tactical shotguns do an average of <num> dmg . wtf ? rifles can take <num> + shots to kill ? subs take <num> shots ? rockets do less damage than a pump shotty headshot . the cosmetics are awesome but i cant have fun playing a game with the worst gunfights than any game ive ever seen . they focus on adding stuff to their game rather than balancing the game they already have . for a third person shooter , this game is embarrassingly bad . make shotguns do hard damage . not variety . ars are painfully inaccurate . i could rant about the cons of this game for hours whereas i can finish listing the pros in <num> minutes . epic games , i think i speak on behalf of your most disgruntled fans , balance your gun fights . this is just infuriating to watch and play . <num> . almost unplayable .
this was a great game till they broke it time and time again . servers go down almost every week . lazy devs and clearly board as well to let this petty shit happen , the next cockstar in the making . fix you epic
the vbucks\coins you have to buy with real money which sucks . they should make it so that every level you get like <num> <num> coins . its such a stressful game aswell . atleast make a coin system . maybe like every win is <num> vbucks and every kill is <num> vbuck . that would make the game alot more enjoyable then it is right now .
sorry , ill keep my soul .
the game starts out fun , with loads of characters , skills , weapons and the ability to build your own bases . problem being that after about mission <num> , you realize that youre going to be playing the same few missions over and over again to make small gains for loads of work , which youll want to bring friends with to play with you , as every mission is incredibly boring , but , both of those qualities are a little more forgivable on a free to play model . in addition , as with every early access game , its really buggy and sometimes the connection becomes so unstable that it is unplayable . this game is also bogged down by the f <num> p model of paying to progress and having good gear and equipment hidden behind loot boxes . so , the tl ; dr , wait until its free to play , as the game is built as a free to play , with all of the annoyances of that model in the paid version .
this game is fun . and a grind . but mostly , its a buggy laggy glitchy mess . not to mention they reset our permanent bases today without warning . wait for free to play .
its all about if you drop in and get the pump at the start . or else youll get blasted by it bc no gun not even the scar can beat it within <num> m onestly ive given up on the hope for them ever maaking this game fair bc it keeps getting worse
ive got an extra standard edition if someone wants it
while the game combines several familiar and common elements from so many games epic games has pull it off in a way that makes this game truely feel and play like an innovative oneofakind orginal ! on the fence , i initially spent a few hours reading early alpha reviews and other posts prior to buying the limited edition founders pack ; afterwards i can say with the bonus loot and game keys for friends it was money well spent ! my friends and i are now having a blast after rotating on and off of so many other games . this game really offers something for everyone and has it all ! the building customization , heroschematicfollower leveling system along with an incredibly diverse and detailed researchskill tree system will undoubtly provide years of fantastic game play . in addition , the daily login rewards are very generous and actually provide useful items . you might think the missions may get repetitious ; but the crafting and progression keep you coming back for more ! ~ enjoy !
please add split screen for multiplayer !
fortnite takes a lot of popular mechanics and makes a game out of them . zombies ? check . horde mode ? check . lots of loot ? check . crafting and base building ? check . tower defense ? check . rpg style skills trees ? double check . its not short lf its flaws , however . game crashes more often than i would like , i can see the missions getting repetative , and there is a slight lean towards pay to win . but if you enjoy grinding for loot and buildingdefending bases , than this is the game for you .
tthis game was worth the wait hell my friend got me this and game sharing wit my gf we are having a blast even if its not fully open world this a builders
you can build whatever you like
got the game going ehh ok lets try it . <num> hours later im still playing . takes shoot and loot and mixes in base deffence wich is actualy very awsome just took me a sec to get used to but in the end its great <num> $ is well well worth it im doubt ill be putting this game down for a week straight <num> addicting .
i see people saying this is pay to win but that is just flat out liedelusion they tell themselves so they can hate on it . this is the first game in a long time that lets you earn premium game money ingame , you dont have to buy it with real money ! if thats your argument for why this game sucks , i feel sorry for you cuz you are gonna miss out on all the awesomeness that is fortnite ! (also , dont complain that its in beta , cuz everyone who has been waiting for this game knew that coming in , its not epic games fault you dont do your research) this game starts out slow cuz it wants to ease you into it . after about <num> or so missions , the game opens up and gives you more freedom . if you stopped after a few missions , thinking that was all the game was , you are <num> wrong (you eventually have free reign over your personal base , but in the beginning , you must do what they want you to) lastly , i have no problems joining with people , sooooo . i hope this clears everything up !
i enjoy the game because its a break from traditional shooters looking for realistic gameplay . i believe with an optional competitive mode this game could create a lasting name for it self . dont listen to the pubg hate . both are good games
one of the most fun games ive ever played , wonderful community for example i needed some coal to finish a gun and its very hard for me to find and some guy just gave me some also i love the fact that you can pay the difference and upgrade to the more expensive versions without buying the game again
just add the refund system back maybe allow <num> use only
you guys didnt put lot of effort in thiss people arehacking and you guys arent doin anything about it and need to make updates twice a week
i dont like how i hit the guy with <num> bullets and he killed me
i dont understand how this game is popular , i would rather rail my great grandfather with my cock than play this
its just like comparing marvel vs dc , halo vs cod , apple vs samsung . dont compare the amount of similarities . judge the game by itself then compare the quality of the game with another , knowing that making different battle royal type games is hard to accomplish . fortnite did make different mechanics and resulting playstyles . the quality of these mechanics are not the best , but i prefer fortnites playstyle compared to pubg
building mechanic is awesome ! simple , flexible and fun . you can use it to build forts before the wave comes , or like a defensive weapon in the heat of combat . the part of the game not in the videos is a deep mathcard collection game like a rpg , with <num> unique character models so far , firstperson perspective option (wo weapon animation) , and large level areas with very welldone procedural generation . downside ? needs a toggle for firstperson . this game is an awesome , snazzy zombie survival version of star trek onlines mathcard game .
an absolute visual representation of cancer . <num> should be removed from space and time . <emoji>
inconsistent damage trash building trash gameplay for as many updates this game gets its still worse than pubg
i love the gameplay but <num> its laggy and <num> theres major problems with installing and uinstalling save the world . i accidentally uinstalled save the world and so i tried to install it back but my luck it just kept saying instllization stopping and it stopped at <num> and wouldent go up . so i . reset my xbox and i canceled my que but when i looked at my games fortnite wasant there , so i went to my install tab and it said the whole game wasant installed . to sum it . if you try to installsave the world and u cancel que cause it dosent work it uinstalls the whole game :
i did played fortnite , but oh boy this game make me dying easy myself because i never played battle player unknown and of course fortnite . not interested this game . <emoji>
this game breaks every week . they dont care about fixing this game for console , its been over a month since building broke and theyve done nothing . dont worry though this game on pc got fixed right away .
i would pay $ <num> for this for the current pvp . vehicles and a biggerenlarged map would be sweet in the future . but this is still in beta state . the devs said bigger maps are coming and they are working on a way for vehicles to fit in . download this game ignore all the bad reviews . if bugs are out they are quick to fix . <num> quick updates in the past couple days and now its running smoother than butter .
make save the world free
this game is really just an awesome game . only one thing , split screen . there needs to be a local co op then <num> star .
like pubg but . you know , its free
just wondering when my velvet couch is going to arrive . i ordered it off this site about <num> weeks ago , and yet nothing has shownup at my door . the problem is that i plan on giving it to my uncle who is in an iron lung . but his anorexic son keeps rubbing my virgin olive oil all over my current furnishings . if this doesnt arrive by next week , my downs lesbian daughter (aka slave) will get her peyton mannings rubbed by a jew who supports nazi germany . much love leprosy boiz (ps . where my hitler at doe ? )
on my xbox one it is awesome , but when i searched fortnite battle royale on my computer in the microsoft store , it said you owe this app and i went to start i did not see it . do you think you can help ?
dude the lags are killing the game
i sold my wife and daughter for wifi and vbucks , best game ever . ps gave every one thats come to my house ligma also if you think you can clap my cheeks you better sleep with one eye open
secretly they use bloom for a gun fights , which means it is more luck based not skill based .
im so tired of this game <num> percent is luck base you took it from pubg it lags and gliches i like the style but fix it please .
is too random and is a pubg copy , about <num> of the game is action , most of it is loading and walking lol
like : the fact that im still alive dislike : the fact i played it
the title says it all , then they dont get updates out when said , about an hour ? naw more like <num> . ill just stick to a good game like pubg . while im at it ill stick on a better system as well which is my pc garbage .
they market the game as though its a complete game , but really all you are paying for is access to the beta of a game that will eventually be f <num> p . other than that , the game is heavily grindingmicrotransaction based . the gameplay takes place in missions rather than the open world one would expect from this genre of game , meaning nearly everything you make each mission is gone upon completion .
calamity has fat and
great ed movie love strong kkk presense with blacks totured <emoji> my migos are including mowing lawns teacheskids that women cant vote good vorempreg to this every night with my paided for wifes of the <num> and a half <num>
this game is bs because of you all damn sweaty tryhards get good at the game you garbage players also fix pump dropoff im also an og player ( been playing since season <num> )
looks like a turtle took a and shoved it in a vagina .
its alright game but it gets boring . you jump out you either die or get stuff and then wander for <num> minutes only to die or get hot from all sides . here come the git gud people but i dont want to try to get better if i have to go through that every game
the games shooting mechanics take no skill as the shotgun is so inconsistent and ar bullets dont go where they are supposed to go . the only decent part about this game that takes some skill is sniping . the game also takes so long to switch and equip weapons and the servers kick you out for no reason . this game needs to be fixed by epic games . until then , i will never admit it to being even a decent game . <emoji>
dis dun killed my
this game is crap . you will be in the last minute of whatever you are doing and it just freezes and boots you . loved the game when it first came out then they did crap updates and fixed nothing . dont buy . wait till its free for a freeze game !
the game is awesome but crashes way too much when taking your squad into a mission and right after you complete one . its done it to me <num> times today <emoji> another thing that needs improvement is the inventory space , instead of having stacked items that are limited to <num> it should be increased to a <num> , <num> or <num> and some epic and legendary weapons break a little to easily so if some mechanic could be put in place for that it would be good . overall this game is good just needs a few tweaks here and there .
horrible lag on decent connection , unplayable . no issues with other games .
any fan of crafting , building and defense games would love this ! would definetly recommend this game ! looks great and plays very well ! two thumbs up <emoji> and a <num> star rating well deserved for a great fun title like this one ! am really enjoying the game . definetly worth paying $ <num> for . <emoji> does not disappoint .
the game requires no skill . you literally just point at who you want to kill , and boom theyre dead . look out for those kids who spam walls everywhere because theyre too scared for a gun fight . my <num> year old cousin has won solo many times because he only knows the two buttons to win this game . the aim button , and the shoot button . atleast pubg requires skill and patience . its fair in every gun fight and people actually have to fight for their lives . this game ? no . you just have to tear down a bunch of houses and get a scar and boom instant win . leave this game for little kids , shoukd really put a maximum age limit of <num> on the game .
you just do the same thing over and over again . it would be good to make a sandbox mode without the objectives .
i love this game . very fun and most importantly very free <emoji>
unlike <num> of the reviews here , i am going to try to give an actual review . pvp is fun with friends , but can be frustrating at times (but what games arnt ? ) . there are some problems , like odd hit detection and a very steep learning curve . for a free to play game however (or partly free anyway) , this is incredibly good . i love the style of the game as well . most games in this genre all want to be realistic , but this one takes a chaotic cartoony approach that feels and plays very differently then the other games in the genre (for reference , i have played h <num> z <num> and pubg) . if you want a realistic experience , then this is not the game for you . otherwise , i would recommend trying it out at least . personally , i enjoy the alternate game modes best like <num> v <num> . i recommend playing with friends , as playing alone can be boring at times . oh , and did i mention cross play ? i often play this game on pc with friends on xbox or mobile . you cant play with psn players sadly .
i lovee this game but i wish save the world was free <emoji>
super fun battle royale mode , but they need to add a killcam or at least a variation of a killcam . because sometimes when i die i want to see how they did it
make a <num> v <num>
ok , ive seen so many <num> star reviews that are poorly made and barely given out any reasons why they dislike this game . if they dislike fortnite , then fine . i dont blame them , its their opinion . but like always , plz dont judge a game because of the communityfandom , that will lead toxic hatedoms to appear . but without that being said , lets talk about the things what i like and dislike about fortnite . the pros : the building mechanic , the art style , the iconic emotes , the item store , (at least its not p <num> w) the outfitscharacter customization system , the gunplay , and killing someone and collecting there loot . the cons : the gameplay is shallow , its unbalanced , the annoying shotguns , sometimes theres glitches , and its repetitive . (overall) fortnite : battle royale couldve been great , but its not . i am glad that its popular , but its a little disappointing but it isnt bad . (final verdict) <num> needs some work . (edit : so ive played save the world mode , and its very good . )
this is not a finished game , it is paid early access . it should be listed in the game preview program yet both microsoft and epic are more than willing to lie to you about what your buying . save your money for its free to play launch next year !
this game is awsome it has good graphic the only thing is tha instead of adding new weapons they should fix the old ones
it would be better if they did more but thats impossible because tons of youtubers are playing this game and not talking about any of the problems .
its great if you just wanna chill out and pass time
by all means the game is great but the fact that i used $ <num> on the game makes me dissatisfied and disappointed <emoji> because the game is gonna . be free if i knew that i would of waited for the game <emoji>
waited <num> min in queue just so it could fail on me over & over not bad enough there are many ppl having to wait <num> +min and still cant logg in i wish i could give this <num> stars , i regret ever having heard of this game dont believe the hype . i want my money back !
if you really think about it there is a whole lot of other games out there that deserves recognition and should have a massive multiplayer community . but this is what really i see everywhere ? i know thats because its a trend . everybody i know irl or through xbox grinds this including me but in reality its not even that fun . i just wish this game will die sooner than later . (please) +i have been playing this non stop since season <num> stealing ws but dont get a free skin just emotes and a free lolipop axe so far smh
i love the game but ever since the newest update that disabled shopping carts whenever i go to the area around the bridge near flush , and flush the game freezes and shuts down . please fix soon
epic pls tell your comunetie that no skins have a life
yd yall make a ps <num> skin but still aint made a xbox skin <emoji>
in the beginning this was a fun and entertaining game , but now it seems like a social standard . like , as if your not good enough at fortnite your not cool or popular . it’s really just overhyped and once you get it even if you don’t like it you feel as if you need to buy the battlepass and all the other things . just to fit in . good thing i put this game down real fast !
this game is a laggy broken mess fix it and if anyone is even thinking about playing this dont
this game is fun but it is trash ! and dont go saying well your just bad cause thats not why ! i was in a <num> v <num> and i pulled out my pump and it was invisible ! which meant i couldnt shoot it ! im giving it <num> stars because this bug has been in the game for so long and they still havent fixed it ! instead they focus on more important things like squinty eyed in the loading screen background .
i purchased this game twice . once on xbox and once on pc . i signed into my epic games account on booth , but was unable to play on pc . i contacted support , got on their forums , posted multiple times , <num> emails so far . first they ignored me . then they started sending me excuses instead of making it right . the excuse , you have to make a new account that is not linked to xbox in order to play . fine , i can do that , but wait , you still cant play because it was purchased on another account . ok , so give be a code for a new copy that i can play . nope . more excuses and saying i have to buy it a third time . they keep blaming xbox instead of making it right . horrible support and bad business ethics .
had this happens while playing missions . white delivering the bomb . and you cant actually find objectives because there not on the map . we literally destroyed everything on the map . and then the game removed us . because we ran out of time . because the objective where nowhere to be found .
dont buy this terrible game . this game is boring and i do not recommend it to anyone .
with the game still in beta $ <num> is the only buy . the game is fun , but over hyped also . the more i played the game the more i enjoyed it . the game has some good qualitys like a huge skill tree and depth in squads an character building an actual building . at the same time feels like it was all wasted when you get into the game itself . the quest rotate every few hrs or so , same quest just different locations . they throw in daily challenges , trials to help but are still played on these same maps . its not till levels <num> when you first see new locations in the game , they do add a few new enemies as you progress . just with all that depht the gameplay itself falls short filled with repetition an a lot of grinding with drops that you dont need an looking for the ones u do need for crafting . you basically replay the same maps over & over again just rotated . the campaign is just that with breaks of objectives that need to be done on these same maps just rotated locations an mixed in .
this is the worst battle royale game i ever played . first reason is highly overrated not gonna say any names . second reason the game is pay to look ugly and the skins are ridiculously prices and battle pass is not needed and last not certainly least the worst ripoff of pubg and minecraft both of these game are fun but not fortnite thats all i have to say . if you read this rant do you agree ? also i prefer despacito for life then this mistake .
terrible . not fun a laggy mess ! no fun shotguns nerfed too much ; zero damage pointblank ranged ; just not fun no more games ruined season <num> . c <num> too op ! fix or i quit
garbage game with awful mechanics . the whole game is spamming structures and hoping your guns hit the target . battle royal needs to die already . maybe try an actual skilled base game , and not free trash games . this game gets way to much credit for absolutely nothing . any game company that makes cash off of micro transactions is retarded . epic , why did you give upp gears for this trash !
do you watch rick and morty ? if so , this game is not for you . this game is directed for the high school sports ball players , i . e . the intellectually challenged . battle royale mode is clearly plagiarised from pubgs avantgarde game designs , which gets its inspiration from gambling . statistically , the odds of winning a game of battle royale is the same as getting a doctorate from harvard a more prestigious and respectable achievement . the cartoony art style displays its immature appeal . furthermore , the character designs show off how well epic games can objectify women . a pure luckbased experience to cash out on the battle royale craze . the save the world story mode features unimaginative situations . it started out with an interesting premise . a mysterious outbreak has taken over the world , and you team up with a crew of wacky robots to drive them back . and then nothing happens . youre running the same missions ad nauseam , and landscapes are all the same with no sense of progression .
here is a rundown of he typical fortnite game , you first chose whether you want to have fun or get a victory royal . (play aggressive or passive) and then get over the fact that <num> of the playerbase will make hackusations if you win with a default character . on another note , the useless microtransactions are strong in this game . im sure weve all learned by now that cosmetics = skill , right ? anyway after effortessly clearing the drop area its only a matter of time untill someone snipes you from halfway aross the circle and you sit there wondering why this game is so popular , or die as soon as you land , thinking the same damn thing . and winning is just boring . you sit in the circle and wait . forever . untill there are <num> people in a space ⅓ the size of an american football field and pick them off with some random legendary weapon . all in all , fortnite isnt terrible just mediocre . dont waste any of your <num> tb worth of space on it .
this game went downhill with all these updates , they try to fix things that arent even broken but leave bugs unfixed , and they keep adding pointless weapons each week why dont they just add <num> with <num> update ?
how am i supposed to play if im constantly rubberbanding and lagging all over the place ? this game is alright , save the worlds hombase storm defense blows . i can atleast get in top <num> , and then die from a guy camping in a house . i literally tryhard , but this game apparently all luck and a little skill so i lose in the most bs ways .
honestly game was fun earlier , but this game has so many bugs and they dont even fix them . now its the worst game ive ever played .
the gameplay is fine , i just do not like the obnoxious people that ruin fortnite itself . <num> stars for the game <num> star for the players .
the devolopers are steadilly working on making the game hard rather generating any sort of content . after playing stonewood nothing changes except for higher lvl enemies . this is a pay to win game do not buy it ! <emoji>
i originally rated this ☀☀ , but decided to change it after the respect for the developers . epic games are absolutely amazing at conveying patch notes , accountability , and showing their sense of urgency . this game has only got better and better . it doesnt compare to pubg and that is the point . all of the dummies saying they copied pubg are nieve . the same could be said for any title . does that mean there can only be <num> shooter , <num> racing game(do not buy project cars <num> ) , etc . of course not ! gather a friend and play duos or grab up to <num> and play squad . the game gets better and better as you do .
ps <num> and xb <num> can now cross play
why cant we earn coins if we win a match or get to a certain level ? thatd give people a reason to play more .
out of <num> games , some bug limits gameplay (invisible guns , not able to pick anything up , some areas not even allowing me in , etc) in <num> of them . the other one booted me off for no reason at all . edit : the game is somewhat fixed , but still trash . every game in every region is so boring because everyone lands at tryhard towers . even ones you do meet desperately build at any range , thinking they look good when in reality they cant get a single kill . weapon balancing , you kidding me ? a full clip of a blue pistol wont kill , but one shot of a gray tac does . one last : items . $ <num> for a cosmetic skin ? thats robbery . overrated garbage , pass on this one
(let me just point out this is my first review for a video game)i feel like everyones hating this well made game . (in my opinion anyway)part of it youll notice alot of these reviews are written by alot of younger people and some also dont make any sense . others say its too hard . and others just dont like it which is completely fine . but thats what i think is half of it . ok , enough of that , lets get on with the review . ill start out with the only flaw in my opinion . it can lag alot , it could be my internet though . i had a time when i was in the top <num> (or something like that)and i got teleported to my roof of my base and died . <emoji> some complain about vbucks being too expensive . (which buy emojis , dance moves , skins , etc . ) but , grant no competitive advantage , so it really is a free game . im running out of letters so i got to short this up . on with the good stuff . <num> . no pay to win game . <num> . fun to play . <num> . its sweet to play against <num> players . but only one winner . thanks for reading my opinion . <emoji> ✌
payed for stw not br yet br gets all the attention
i used to play the game till i realised how toxic a community of <num> year olds can be . basically voice chat is double pump ! also hes hacking ! and your trash ! and dont get me started on the streamers cough cough ninja who do stupid things like the pompom . what is a pom pom . then lastly how they ruined there game by adding things like golfcarts and grocery carts .
i hate the lag because its getting me killed
it cured my cancer and depression but then it gave me more depression then it cured my depression but then i developed cancer on all my body parts i watched everry anime in history and it cured my cancer but then john wick gave my depression back the end
pvp battle royale mode : ive noticed some people complaining about fortnights br vs pubgs br and i wanted to explain a few points <num> . fortnights br is far better at this point at fixing problems and bringing updates out while pubg has a harder time at it <num> . fortnights br is focused on building mechanics while pubg is more focused on vehicles meaning more drive by shootings <num> . fortnights br has a smaller map and because of that you get more action while pubg has a larger map meaning . less action <num> . fortnights br although cartoony has better graphics in the long haul then pubgs more realistic style <num> . fortnights br gliders are more fun and useful then pubgs not so well done parachutes <num> . fortnights br weapons are simple pick up and shoot weapons while pubgs weapons are reasonably complex with lots of different . attachments and fire rate modes <num> . fortnight br is free while pubg costs $ <num> . <num> both are fun just depends on your play style
loot requires microtransactions . <num> skill trees = unnecessarily complex systems detract from core gameplay which is fun but underdeveloped . all quests are essentially the same .
its fun with friends but epic . needs to stop adding and start fixing
as time passed , i learned cosmetics dont help you win . i dont have skins but i have <num> wins total . i think we need servers for different skill levels and vbucks based on placement and kills . if you had wins before it would be added to your account . thank you , epic . <emoji>
nonstop lag throughout matches and poor gunplay and combat make this an incredibly frustrating experience . you spend the entire match looting and running all over the place to die upon your first encounter due to unbalanced weaponry . when you spend <num> or more minutes gathering items and building loot to only be oneshot by someone with the strongest weapon in the game , it really makes the whole point and time you spent in the game a waste . to not even be able to get one shot off really makes the game pointless to play . why spend a half an hour to not even be able to fire your gun once as the enemy with the best weaponry in the game to oneshot you ? this game is a literal waste of your time .
my pastor told me to delete it or satan will enter my body .
i dont like how you have to pay just to be not called a noob ! also just for a free game it has terrible transaction even though the company needs money . the gameplay might be fun but its concept is repeated in a way , also the rng system is kind of balanced . but just for this dumb game my feed is filled with fortnite freaks looking for a team . i know the company cant control that though . in conclusion this is way too popular of a game just for repeated gameplay , but at least its decent .
slowly making the game worse with every update .
epic games moar liek bepis games there are not enough deagles good way to keep your virginity
obviously for poor white people and virgins
fortnite sucks it is trash heck i agree it stinks hope this game dies it just suck
this game is decent , fun , and addicting . pve and pvp are great . you dont need to spend money to progress . and to the people whining about its price as a game , when its released for free you get your money refunded . so chill out .
the only thing i hate is the dmg system . either make it more realistic or keep the dmg equal for the gun you use . very annoying where you shoot someone with a close shotgun <num> times and they dont die while they shoot you once with rifle and you die .
pros : simple , quick matches , building , and those spicy astetics . cons : weapon grades , needs more traps , it also needs to expand areas , and it needs to fix hit registration . fyi : to all who say fortnite copied pubg , i just want you to know pubg copied h <num> z <num> so now you know shut up with that nonsense . opinion : overall the game is fun and free so why not give it a try . it has its issues just like any other game but if you compare it to pubg , they both have similar issues except fortnite is free pubg is $ <num>
i really love this game but it needs to be available on pc !
it is nice , but we should not have to pay for gold to play this game .
trying to milk money from little kids . only provides to casual fanbase , not the competitive fans . recommend if yyou are under <num> <emoji> . but if you are above that age i dont recommend .
game deserves a low rating . its very overrated . most of the positive reviews are by little kids who havent even started puberty and blindly support a mediocre game , its only popular because it is free . the people who dislike the game get attacked by these who think fortnite is the only game on the planet and immediately assume you are either bad or play pubg . its annoying ! worst of all other games add br because they are begging for more players , thats how fortnite became popular . epic needed to save fortnite , because not many people liked save the world . so epic decided to sap off of pubgs success with br , but this time making it free and advertising it to younger people . thats how fortnite br became popular . those younger people mindlessly defend fortnite with arguments like you just havent gotten a win or you are just a salty pubg fan or even you , you suck i hate you fortnite is the best game ever go kys . i might get bombarded with angry messages for this .
very disappointed ! they removed the jiggles from the calamites hoocas (brest) now my peepee doesnt get hard now now i have to go on po hub to watch minecraft lets plays .
pretty fun , but gets tiring after no that long . very repititive , even with weekly changes .
you wanna play the most bestest game ever . play this
its a really good gamemode and if u dnt have money for pubg boom battle royale
this game sux . all the little kids get horny for it . <num> would not beat my meat over
i love this game . on my xbox . but why isnt it available on the pc ? i just wanna know
these are my favorite types of games . if you are into shooter freeroam games this is for you .
this game used to be so great . now its a piece of crap . the shotguns are beyond broken , the damage will go from <num> to <num> . in the end , youll just get killed by a submachine gun when you get a good shot off with your shotgun . they nerfed building , nerfed shotguns , and buffed smgs . epic is trash and refuses to listen to any of their community . we all want good and balanced gameplay and epic decides to add in thanking the bus driver . fortnite was in its prime in season <num> . from then on , it has strayed further and further from what it was . epic just needs to fix their game . they finally did something right and then they screwed it up .
been waiting for this forever <emoji>
this is a great way to test skill and overall fun , but there are some bugs that ruin the game like how sometimes i switch over one slot with a gun , and it throws me on the wrong slot with bandages nd gets me killed . please fix this
first off i did not hate this game entirety , just that , you know just dropped the base game into apit of fire
buying any version of this does not at this time mean you will be able to play . many who have bought physical and digital copies are locked out of their accounts and are told to rebuy what they have already purchased . codes that are included in physical copies are not properly redeeming . myself aswell as many others havnt been able to play for <num> days . buyers beware ! i would post this review on the version i purchased but it doesnt reconize that i own it . game support takes <num> hrs to respond and has been no help .
this game is trash . it is a rip off for pubg . its art is bad . the controls are ok but you cant o in first person . those are the major complaints . emotes are boring except for a few . new modes show the brokeness of the game because of balance issues for the people that get the event item . i cannot recommend . i want to try to give it a chance but i just cant . if they fix these , i would give it a chance , but only if they fix them . lag is also bad . my friend lost games because of it .
this shouldnt be a game
man i love player unknowns battle gr i mean , fortnite !
i loved this game until season <num> . before it was a great game and was fun . but now it is full of <num> year olds who call you a noob if you dont have a $ <num> skin . now all my friends play fortnite and i am the only one who hates it .
in a large bowl , sift together the flour , baking powder , salt and sugar . make a well in the center and pour in the milk , egg and melted butter ; mix until smooth . heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat . pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle , using approximately <num> cup for each pancake . game isnt worth talking about , heres a pancake recipe
i had thoughts of commiting pubg before i got this spectacular game but then i realized life is worth living after playing a couple rounds . the graphics are so realistic and the way the game has complete noobs going up against pros is so fair and balanced . i also love the variety . all <num> of this games maps are breathtaking . i have spent <num> , <num> dollars on this masterpiece , but have yet to place in the top <num> . i have spent so much time and money on this art that i have been evicted from my apartment . i am writing this review from the welfare line . i accidentally ate all <num> of my children because i thought they were chicken nuggets , and this game helped me through those tough times . my wife left me because of my love for this game , and i got a roblox girlfriend the next day . thank you , fortnite , for saving my life !
fix ur game u
this game has the worse deaths than mw <num> . you can put a whole clip into someone with them not taking damage and they can <num> shot you . im not kidding . one of the worst games ive ever played .
anywhere you go theres campers
this stupid game ruins friendships . all my friends only play this stupi game and when they say theyll play , they just keep playing forever and never do anything else , this game is stupid
its a good game but i hate that you have to pay for skins how about unlocking skins or skins in pve who agrees ?
it made my pee pee hard
this is the fifth time writing this so its going to be breif . now this isnt written to hate on the game this is actually one of my favorite games im writing this in hope epic games will see it . the grid system is really messed up if im trying to build a wall i dont want it to be place in the groud or below whatever im standing on . also the lag i dont know if its the game or my internet but everyones complaining about it so i assume its the game please fix it if possible . that all the issues i have with the game . another thing please read comments not ratings when seeing if something is worth getting ive seen people ive the game a one star because there were to many tryhards its pathetic seeing how salty people have caused an amazing game to have a two star rating overall .
it is a watered down version of pubg .
the game is fun and thrilling <emoji> plus its free !
i cant win , little kids <num> gud
bring back the irst theme song
it is fun and not too challenging for the normal missions . however , the storm sheild missions are nearly impossible alone , and it is a real grind to get the materials needed for defenses , defenders , and bullets . it just really needs solo balance , but besides that it is a great game .
heads up , review of br only ive seen lots of <num> star reviews for stupid reasons , and <num> star reviews for just as pissy reasons . so here we go ! cons to pros ! cons toxic and childish fanbase bad balancing v <num> rgin bucks requires real money to many old glitches its ez to get in a match with tryhards or kid noobs pros ok weapons cool unlockables nice map not p <num> w overall fortnite is just bad , the cons are bad and nothing is memorable . <num>
ive been playing since season one , hard to believe right ? this game made me fall in love with it but the updates ever since <num> have made the game a salty pool of luck , broken mechanics , and modesweapons that arent balanced out before release . the old players are leaving , the new ones joining for the bandwagon before quiting after a few weeks of playing . my friend got me stw and i love it so i hope that if and when br dies the devs [epic] dont do what theyre doing to br nowadays . epic , if you see this andor it makes it your way , please stop , look at what br used to be and try to bring back the things old players enjoyed . p . s the weekly updates seemed great when they started in december but , they have to stop or at the least be balanced , fair , mostly working (because ya bad things , glitches , and exploits occur) , and skill based maybe even role based . sincerly , a season one veteran default
i personally enjoy this game , the gameplay is great besides the major lag that needs fixed , i mean those really negative reviews out there are not needed , rating this magnificent game a <num> or <num> is not needed a <num> or <num> fits it better i would recommend this game to others if they can handle lag spikes but this game has really good potentially it just needs a minor cleaning of things .
this is a paid closed beta but nowhere in the description does it mention this . dont waste your money .
if you intend on also playing on pc buyplay , and link your account on pc first . if you play on xbox first epic will lock this game to xbox only . it doesnt even matter if you bought the game for both . epic will only tell you to make a second account . so , for those of us who play epics other games such as unreal tournament or paragon they expect us to create a secondary account just to play fortnite on pc . tl : dr link and play fortnite on pc first or you will have to create a second epic account .
seriously , what epic has done to shotguns is sad . all the little noob dont need to be spoonfed skill ! i havent even hit over <num> with one of the strongest if not the strongest shotty in the game . its really pathetic on how epic has managed to somehow make shotguns one of the worst things to have with you . you have a very small chance of getting a <num> shot or <num> with any shotty . this new meta also ruins the point of building ou just constantly get lasered and shot down by horrible players with smgs . plus , in squads , almost every team are sweats with loads of smgs . (good luck with that) these guns are based on pure luck . no skill included , spray and pray is the meta . this game actually used to be fun . (until season <num> smg patches and ridiculous shotty nerfs) if you wish to start playing now , just pick up mainly smgs and other spraying weapons . <emoji>
i dislike that the shotguns are literally snipers , and how overpriced skinsemotes etc . are but the game is addicting also please stop finishing me right when my teammate is attacking you tryhards .
can it stop crashing on season <num>
it is fun but i cant play save the world anymore because whenever i go on it it says to claim the rewards for a mission but when click on it it says that i cant cause a deferral key is active and when i click continue it just sends me back to claim the rewards and into an endless loop .
your game is no wonder it gives people anger problems just take it down from the store .
this is the most unbalanced piece of ever to exist . kirby battle royale or minecraft hunger games would honestly be a better choise at this point .
lag fest , camp fest , and guns arent programmed right , go pubg
i love this game and i cant wait for the jetpacks this is awesome i love this do you
i cant hear footsteps anymore , so i die instantly
my issues here really arent much with the game itself . game has a cool visual style to it , im a big fan of the ability to just build fortifications when , where , and how you want . some mechanics take a little getting used to , but not the worst learning curve ive encountered . no , my issues begin and end with the fact that they are selling a closed beta to a free to play game for $ <num> . basically what they are selling you is $ <num> worth of ingame purchases , and you are paying them to beta test their game for them . its a kickstarter campaign marketed as a full game . this brings me to what really bothers me , and it is that in none of their marketing did they make clear that this is only a beta , nor were they upfront about this being destined for freetoplay status . even on this page that fact is barley a footnote . i would probably feel different if they had been more transparent about what this really is , or they didnt charge a full $ <num> . again , not a horrible game , but not worth the fee .
after playing for <num> minutes i developed brain cancer
review of battle royale and save the world fortnite has two game modes , a paid pve , save the world , and a free <num> player pvp , battle royale . i will refer to the modes as stw and br in this review . although i really dont like this game , i will still give an honest , unbias review . to start off , stw is more for a player with time to give , while br is just something to play when your bored or for a player who just wants pure action . i really dont like how epic games focuses primarily on the br game mode , for example , all of the screenshots for the game is the br map . another example is that they changed the whole games name to fortnite battle royale . stw deserves more attention considering br probably wouldnt exist if stw was never made . the building feature creates a unique aspect of fortnite , making it a very popular and competitive game for most ages . overall , epic games does a great job at keeping their game relevant with the weekly content updates and interesting map changes .
wow what a pathetic trash kiddie game . cant escape cheaters on any platform now with keyboard and mouse . cant wait for this movement to die trash kids .
i like the cosmetics and understand why they cost money but what i dont understand is why people rage that you have to pay for them its not like it gives you any advantage that make people think that you might put up a good fight and people dont look at the fact yha their cool but epic needs some way of getting money to pay the people who contantly work on the game trying to make it better so player can play but you need to fix your shotguns epic
its a amazing game ! but fix the severs because i cant get in my game to see season <num> <emoji> .
the game was fun at the start , a way of competition to pubg you could say . now its terrible , its not fair in any way , the community are just a bunch of very rude and immature kids who know nothing more . this game is a pure example that games are not improving , but getting worse . i dont ever want to see this game again .
great game but give us free skins too
when i first started playing i knew it was going to be a great game and it was and was playing at the time around season <num> and it is still a great game .
so the thing that ruins the game the most is the fact you dont gain anything for winning or getting a kill , mostly vbucks . not only that , the save the world game mode was said to be free by <num> , but we are half way into <num> and it still costs money . basically false advertising right there .
ok now im done . you dont want to fix it fine . your product is now just going to be reported for poor performance . i have asked you guys to fix many times and sunk my hard earned money into it . if you wont do anything then i will .
it is good but very overrated a lot and it haves a lot of bugs + the sikns are to expensive <num> $ <num> one
this pvp is garbage . weapon damage is completely broken , weapon color means nothing . every shotgun will one hit kill you unless you are the one shooting . at least pubg has a damage table that doesnt change .
terribad trash game . waste of zero dollars .
this game is the epitome of gets old fast . oh and micro transactions . nuff said
this game was good , now there are so many overwhelming updates that the game is getting the gunss are unbalened , and every one has to rely on two shotguns epic games if you are reading this , please listen
i literally wait for an hour to get in a server and once im done it keeps giving me more minutes . they might as well have told me to go myself in the !
i went ahead and bought the $ <num> version of the game to play with <num> friends plus me and had planned to have a great experience with building fortresses , shooting zombies , playing with friends , and gathering lots of loot . the first <num> weeks felt like it was all going to be worth it . but after all the repetitive gameplay , and lack of worthwhile rewards . i pulled the final straw when they deleted my castle , which i had <num> pieces left a place on the map . and now i have <num> stacks of stone sitting in my bank reminding me that all the <num> hours of work i put in to my castle of solitude was for nothing . dont come to this game if youre looking for a creative outlet and some fun gameplay that will last you more than a week .
games community is toxic and weapons are unbalanced and i suggest paying for pubg because at least thats not toxic .
any game made by epic is epic at first then slowly dies . a good example is the gears franchise and now this . this game has so many unbalanced mechanics that its more rngspam based than skill based . dont believe me , find the compact smg (p <num> ) or anything automatic using small ammo . new to the game or dont play enough ? great ! youll run into more sweaty , build god players who play this game almost <num> that you wont be able to learn the game because youll be dying so much (hiding all game doesnt help either) . oh and if you already know how to play , great ! youll have a boring build off of who can build faster than just height advantage the enemy player . you like the skins and emotes ? pay $ <num> $ <num> for them each . this game is popular because of streamersyoutubers possibly being paid by epic games to promote it . btw , if you didnt know , fortnite br has made <num> billion+ dollars in a year so its very possible ; otherwise , not many players would be playing this . tl ; dr dont install !
limmiting building materials , updating to appeal to new players only not old , day <num> player here and used to play every day but quit due to people who build so fast now a days i literally cant play for fun i allways have to try my hardest and it used to be perfect but now the games popularity has began the downfall of fortnite . i can build really fast but the people who are better than me are the toxic people that say im just bad . this toxic community defends fortnite with their lives and are blinded by the choices epic is going forword with .
i hate this game doesent deserve to be popular online open your eyes the games bad game deserves to die
the best part of the game is the building aspect . if this game didnt have building , it would be like any other survival game . keep up the astonishing work . <emoji>
still a fun game , you get little in reward for your efforts , getting better version of playable characters (leveling up a uncommon will never beat a epic , etc) or the character themselves are very rare that you might easily drop <num> to get it or you might not . dupes are common do have a purpose though . the roll packs are very little reward for the most part i suggest waiting till its free . lots of crashing as well
dont get me wrong its a good game but i bought the founders pack and i was almost to the end of the tutorial i encountered glich the mini llamas dont work . plz someone dont waste your time getting save the world . but please fix it .
the battle royale can die in a fire , i rather play the simpsons wrestling on ps <num> !
this game is trash and boring . all luck based as well .
it doesnt load and it saypc or mac over and over !
how am i supposed to get <num> chest from wailing woods if the game dosent guarantee the one chest that spawns their , and fight between the other <num> people who land in a microscopic hut , again <num> times , the games trash , dont get me started on the lag or how people manage to pull out their glider right as they land , or how people shoot through <num> different walls while im trying to heal , or how gernades from grease grove reach me from tiled , thx epic fix your game , or the challenge choose
i wouldve given for fortnite , <num> stars , but it has good game play , but its way too . luck based it has way too much which isnt a game its very hard to win when theres so many glitches were you cant shoot the gun and where you fall to your death after usinsing your glider also its annoying when somebody shoots a door kills you while its the door and go through it and kills you
want to know where all the scummy xbox players are ? look no further .
this games launch is a joke first of all . however my biggest issue is the fact that no where in the description of the game that you buy is there a warning that this is infact a closed beta . the game is in shambles as far as i can tell , which would be fine if i had been givin a warning as to the fact that it is not a full game that will be release in the spring of <num> . some of you may say i should have looked at game reviews . but i should not have to use game reviews to find out if a game is prerelease or not . overall , just dont buy this microtransaction garbage .
fortnite should have a turtorial onto how to play this game . and the sad part is . is that people will hunt noobs just for a free kill and if your not tryharding then forget about winning youll die from unbalnce weapons you should have levelskills based matchmaking so . dont download unless you want to get an brand new tv because you broke your tv
ok so this games damage system is bad . when im in point blank range with a tac shotgun i should do high damage but thats not the case . i just got done with a match and i had <num> health and a green tac shotty and my enemy had <num> and a ar and i get a headshot and did <num> damage and got raped .
its fun and addictive , but the new update ruined it completely . the game lags way to much and ruins the experience . old fortnite was better .
game wont even open anymore ,
the game has too many crashes and cra . almost finished with tier <num> defense . need to fix bugs with game
the fact that people hype this game as much as they do means that the human race is doomed . the community is really freakin toxic . consider how bout half the world spend their lives on this game and put that together with their toxicity and you will understand this dire situation .
pros : the building is ok and the guns feel nice cons : missions get boring and just trying to do sidequests get hard and boring and the player base is <num> little kids <num> scammers and <num> who are trying to enjoy this empty game where you have to buy coins or the founder edition just to have good things then gets taken by some scammer so please dont buy this and spend your cash on something else like overwatch or battlefield <num>
the more you add to the game , the worse it gets . shotguns are utter trash now and the game gets buggier
epic we dont need more guns we need better servers to handle your growing number of players .
good but i wis i could play with ps <num> players
not for the casual player who just wants to play a game after a long day of work . if youre a try hard with too much free time , then this is the game for you . pubg has an overall better rating and its broken and cost $ <num> . that should tell you all you need to know about fortnite .
be careful playing this game , its highly addictive . my only problem is shotgun damage , wish they were actually shot guns and not pea shooters .
im only putting <num> stars becuase ps <num> gets cool free stuff and we dont if we dont get any thing i will delete fortnite
this last update made the lag worse than it was before . needs fixed asap
it is a real shame of the new view i can only see half my screen
now i have played other royale game like the culling , and pubg , but none compare to fortnite . why ? well , you jump out of a flying vehicle and land somewhere on a well thought out , highly detailed island . you stock up on loot and start killing other unfortunate players who crossed paths with you . collect building materials so you can defend yourself , and others if you play duos and squads . with all this happening , a huge barrier , (the storm) closes in on all <num> players . if you win , you get a message saying <num> victory royale ! and the alltowellknown umbrella . repeat ! i mainly like fortnite because of the strategy used . when you die , you can learn your mistakes like i didnt build or i forgot crouching makes you accurate . really the only thing i dont like are fortnite trolls , but those are rare . that was my opinion . i hope it helped !
i cant get it on my xbox life on my laptop i need help
thought i was buying done retail game , not another early access gimick . start screen saying closed beta was shocking . constant crashes & lag . super harsh durability is boring . pay to play microtransactions as usual . just wait for finished free version next year .
i dont like how you cant download fortnite on a computer . plz change this
i have had this game since it came out . i fell in love with it immediately . nearly every part of the game perfect . then , the game started feeding its money from skins and season passes . that was really the beginning of the end . epic started adding stupid and unnecessary items , rather than fix any of the game breaking bugs and exploits . seems like theyre worried more about making skins more than anything else . lets not forget the unbelievable skill gap , network connection (which used to be perfect) , and the unnecessary amount of items . the amount of items in this game come pretty close to the amount of experiencable issues as well . its a shame to see how far this game has gone downhill .
ive been playing since season one and it got better in season <num> and <num> but then they started to go downhill . more debuffs and buffs start coming along with glitches . the rpg radius was debuffed making it more likely not to hit anyone even on direct contact . then shotguns were debuffed making it more likely to do <num> damage to a player with a pump or tact . then c <num> s were buffed making it be able to destroy half a building in tilted . then the shopping cart glitch and the walking through walls glitch happened . then bullets started going through people or not hitting people on direct while not doing any damage at all even with ars and other guns . fortnite doesnt even give you a few bucks when you get a victory royale . <num> or <num> vbucks would wk but epic games is too greedy and want you to buy vbucks so they make even more money . i hope u found this useful .
it used to be amazing but now it crashes .
epic please try adding bots for no fill playground mode please . thank you
this game currently is the definition of a pay to win (progress) game . it got horrible roll rates , even when buying llamas youll get crap or dupes . upgrading doesnt change rarity . if you want a certain character you better be lucky or willing to drop alot of money . no good rewards the collection bonus gives a good reward at <num> then nothing till <num> , then <num> really ? crashing alot excepted of a beta but you have to pay to play right now which doesnt really make it a beta . beta are tests this is a full buggy game that they charging you for and calling it a beta . well this is early access well tone down buggy and up the rewards so far the game got a good concept but it lacks the reward
i love the game itself and i dont like that it will not load into the season <num> game
repetitive and boring same thing every match
the game is good , if it doesnt crash , which it doesnt for me . and if it does , well , its free , so its not like you wasted money on it . also , being bad at the game is not an excuse for making a bad review saying theres too many tryhards and unbalanced weapons .
could do with less lag
fortnite used to be aa good game (season <num> and half of season <num> ) and its not even about skill pumps do no damage and noobies end up get the best loot and can kill you easy atlest add it to where we are ranked in so we get people on our skill level and not firstgame noobs or console ninjamyth if were not on that skill level
epicgames needs to give xbox players a free skin .
the best game in bugs
fix save the world mode , there are many bugs and crashes in that mode that arent getting any attention . how could you just push what should be a good game to the side and only improve battle royale . save the world should be looking better than br .
this game is takin over kids lives
probably the most toxic game ive played . the community is <num> x more toxic than the minecraft community when the better together update came out . if you dont own a skin then your considered a noob which isnt right . shotguns literally do <num> damage to the head while your enemy one taps you with <num> damage . jetpacks make the player impossible to hit . the lag is atrocious and needs to be fixed because people can shoot through walls . when season <num> came the whole game began to fall apart but the developers dont care about the acual problems they only care about adding new skins and weapons so they can trick <num> year olds into stealing their moms credit card so epic can fill up their wallet . if you havent installed this game dont its not worth your time to download this awful game that leeched its success from pubg
let us play against ps <num> people
i think that fortnite should have <num> stars not <num> . this game is way over hyped its mediocre at best , its very repetitive , and its boring when you play by yourself . one more thing , all of the customization stuff is too expensive , even though the game is free its still not worth emptying your pockets for a stupid skin that looks cool , the legendary skins cost $ <num> which equals <num> , <num> vbucks . its slightly fun when youre playing with friends . i would not recommend to anyone .
pure piece of . if u play this game idk how u sleep at night , not all its hype to be
it sucks , dont get . very bad .
everything seems fine to me .
just so you know , the shotguns need to be nerfed . this game ruined <num> friendships .
love the game , but since the recent i cant even play it . the game will load up and get to the menu , then the screen will just turn black out of nowhere and go back to my xbox home screen . can yall fix it please ?
okay , fortnite needs an update . the game kinda sucks ! for example , when you build something , you or an enemy sometimes can go through it ! its horrible when youre trying to have a build battle with someone . there is not many benefits , so you suck epic ! <emoji>
pump headshot does <num> <emoji>
rendering , video boundry , connection team mate , all new issues . but hey , got new flowers and ac unit in windows . just another garbage game now .
i didnt know i was paying to be an epicgames beta tester . this game would be fun if it wasnt broken . the constant crashing needs a fix asap . if youre on the fence about this game here are some things you should know . its pay to win . its not finished and still very broken . it comes out free to play next summer . so save your money unless you want to be a beta tester as well .
the game has gotten better with these last updates . it seems to run smoother even in <num> v <num> , that gamtype i lagged alot , it was so bad people were invisible . i still get annoyed with bloom shots but its whatever , just weird you can hit someone and not do damage ? cool thing is that you guys update frequently and add new things to the game . the challenges are a big plus as well !
epicgames claims the game is fair . that is until you unload an entire shotgun in someone and they just shoot you with a pistol once . the amount of bs this game pours out is bad enough , in addition they cant even make their own emotes , but rather copy dances and gestures . id recommend pubg if you are looking for a game that has significantly less lag , bs , cheaters , and server problems . server problems happening all the time , as in about five times a month . on top of that it takes hours or days to get through a login queue , just to have it fail and wait again . if you plan to buy the game , if you havent already , save your money , the game is too broken .
it doesent let me play !
it was fun but now the screen wont fit
i love this game ! it cured my cancer <emoji> !
fix the shotguns and take out smgs
its fine , but the lag ruins the whole game
fortnite is an ok game but it needs improvment this game has changed too much over the past few months and some stuff in the game is dumb <emoji>
fortnite used to be a fun but challenging game , now its full of too many guns , too many gimmicks , and full of people in the fanbase that want things that will make the game even more luck based than it already is . its should be pretty easy to fix your game epic .
skill tree buggy pve side
fortnite is the most autistic game . it inverted my penis .
wish a <num> star review as an option . why ? because this bootleg of pubg is overrated overplayed trash . love microtranactions that are overpriced ? love unbalenced and broken weapons ? love terrible building system ? love a toxic fanbase ? then this game definitely for you and the rest of their retarded community . who doesnt like seeing it everywhere on youtube , mixer , twitch etc ? who doesnt like amazing youtubers and streamers going from pumping out beautiful content to only posting and streaming fortnite ? every person who said no then congratulations ! your one of the rare people who isnt a fortnit crackhead and if you said yes theres something called rehab . and me and all the sane people who said yes , strongly recommend it for you . and breaking news as of writing this review ive ust received a fortnite looking for group post . this is what i mean . its everywhere <num> .
the game constantly freezes and lags when in combat , and by the time your screen unfreezes , you have already been killed and looted . weapons are incredibly unbalanced and give players a huge unfair advantage (hand cannon , and basically any legendary) . absolute trash just man up and cough up the$ <num> for pubg on steam you lazy cheapskates . even the xbox one port is better than this mistake .
i like that we can as many people and win but i hate the lag
a game with so much potential but with so many problems ! the lag is horrible , the games controls are horrible , the overall gameplay is horrible . along with that so many people hack on this game and makers do nothing about . for example , how is it that i unloaded a legendary rifle in a players back each round making contact just for him to turn around and shoot me in the foot while having <num> hp and shield and i die . by the way it showed him with full hp and shield . ask anyone who plays this game and theyll probably tell you its horrible too .
i cant play one f°°°°°° match without lagging <num> , i move one inch an get thrown around like a frickin rag doll , would i recommend this game ? no , it sucks more than a stripper on a dollar tuesday
fortnites pve has decent rewards and a player can earn legendary guns and v bucks which are quite useful for many purposes . pve sadly is quite buggy at high level missions and many newcomers will ask and beg for free items which can be rather annoying . fortnite pvp lately has been focused on their greed for money . (tragic . ) constantly releasing cosmetics and skins instead of addressing lag , crashing , and horrible gun imbalances is rather sad epic games . just another large game company taking advantage of kids w their parents credit card . i recommend far cry <num> , battlefield <num> , or star wars bf <num> . not p <num> p and rather enjoyable . warning : if you dont sweat extremely hard every single match until you have a stroke , fortnite battle royale is not for you . i hope my detailed review was useful to you , best of luck ! updated : double pump is back pretty much why ! no skill to this game at all just build spam or hide . play something else , honestly . go outside maybe .
i just preordered and it looks amazing ! im looking foward to this game . i love survival games <emoji>
i started this game about a week after season <num> started , and instantly fell in love . this game was amazing and fun in every aspect , and then epic started listening to the season <num> and <num> noobs . then next thing you know the shotguns are nerfed , then gathering materials is nerfed and so is editing , double shotty , and wallstructure health . they even increased bloom on most weapons ! then here comes the smgs . this smg meta has torn apart the game more then anything . and the fact that their is no double shotty to counter it is sad , very sad . building is what made this game unique and fun , and it was just about the only skill gap in the game . now it doesnt even matter how fast you build or who is the better builder , its about who has the better smg and who gets lucky with there bloom shots . literally its making games shorter because their is rarely any build fights anymore . not to mention that shotguns are completely garbage now . i am probably gonna start playing realm royale for now on
i just preordered this game and it looks amazing ! still a bit worried about that $ <num> though .
most over rated game in the world !
this game causes extreme stress and anxiety . the game is heavily luck based and is not welcoming to new players . the developers just make the game worse instead of bettr and on top of that they do not listen to the community and listen to the child fanbase . the game causes a lot of anger and is anything but fun . i do not recommend this game to anyone because i dont want them to get the same effects it caused me (anger , stress , and anxiety)so please do not play this game it is only welcome to very high skilled players and the devs dont listen once so ever . so please spare yourself from the horror that is fortnite .
shameful rip off of pubg packed with gimmicks that cater only to luck and crappy players . cant win a firefight ? build some walls or hop around vigorously . cant aim ? spam rockets and grenades . cant figure out where to go ? the maps tiny so dont worry . dont have an attention span ? thats ok theres very little content compared to games like pubg . also always rewards luck over skill . you could die the second your feet hit the ground because the other guys landing spot had something and yours didnt or you could make it to last two people with <num> + kills and get blown up by a camping <num> year old with a lucky blind rocket shot . it is free , and kinda playable but you get what you pay for .
this game is amazing and free . the first day when i started playing it i didnt know that there was skins that you can buy . a couple days later i knew that i needed to get a skin . but instead of buying the skins i bought save the world deluxe edition so i can get vbucks everyday .
shotgun are not as in s <num> specifically the pump you can shoot some in the head <num> and body shot for <num> and you cant even finish people when their down you cant even finish them it shows the hitmarker but no damage
i really like the game i have been here since season <num> but i have one problem xbox doesnt have free skins like ps <num> so xbox needs free skins in fortnite
the game would rival pubg as a free game but laggy controlls . the v buck cost way to much some guns are useless or sometimes for example riffles way to op . the graphics are aa grade for a free game and the custom building is nice ! i do not like battle royale though maybe add in like a <num> v <num> tdm or <num> v <num> war mode . the game is really just a battle royale and it has no incentive to win . so stars its <num> until thats fixed or i will check out the pve when it is free then maybe it will deserve a <num> or <num> star . i really wanted to give this a bad review but i have hope for this game it has constent updates . good luck <emoji>
i highly recommend this game it is free updates every week different game everytime you play it
i <num> st played this game in september and this game was amazing it had no toxic <num> year olds , they listened to the fans , ect . until season <num> when they blow up to <num> million players they got so money hungry and greedy they stoped listening to the og season <num> player and only listened to the noobs of season <num> and <num> . they did awful changes like the removal of the old song that people enjoyed , added useless weapons like the stink bomb , port o fort ect , made the game isolated by the stupidity added smg meta and disappearing skill gap , and worst of all they even added a <num> increased bloom count to make the game more noob friendly ! but still people spend stupid amounts of money on the galaxy skin , battle pass ect . the game is still the most viewed game on youtube and twitch even though they lost <num> + million players after july . its got sooo cancerous that ail a and fortnite clickbait are everywhere that i cant even watch a single video without fortnite . so in my opinion fortnite will die
good for epic games to have the where with all to make this type of game
so we dont , earnv coins and . it glith alot dont wast your time download . it
i dont enjoy the fact all the people who paid for the founders pack got kicked asside by stupid free battle royal . i feel betrayed , and i will no longer be purchasing or supporting content from epic games
great and fun shooter game with creative skins and emotes
south african servers would be nice
this game copied pubg . and is starting to call every dance the fortnite dance
all people do is camp behind trees or build a tower to hide in . what is the fun in that . imo its pretty much like call of duty but with building towers and more players in the match .
it allows me to explore and i use it for my passion of building and recreating things
my son got me hooked , now we play together every morning .
this game is amazing . by far , my favorite thing to play . the only reason why it is four stars is because i really think there should be a free way to earn coins . i know it was always spend money to get something , but many games allow you to earn free coins to spend on something in their store . this game is otherwise the greatest . mojang never ceases to amaze me on what they can create .
love how you can play with pocket edition and windows <num> lan , my sibling and i play every time we have a break from school . <num>
i love minecraft . its free roam (the entire point of the game) , and but you can also play with restrictions (survival) . and i do like the new additions (horses , saddles , etc) . however i feel that the next update should bring stained glass panes . ive had to use plain panes for a while , and i must admit theyre extremely boring . i might buy the old minecraft just for the stained panes . theyre classy and i like them . also , we have to pay for texture packs ? you made us pay for the game , isnt that enough ? i understand that money has to be brought in somehow , but players make texture packs , and they dont charge anything . smh , if i wanted to pay for a texture pack i would go buy blocklauncher pro .
i love this game its very fun to play in and with friends and family and i love it
works for me ! great game !
me my dad little brother and big brother love minecraft its a safe nice game to play on rainy days . we play almost every day its sooooooooo much fun
i think buying this version of mc was a great deal for $ <num> . <num> . it runs so smooth , even if your computer isnt top notch . i recommend this game <num> .
today i went to log into the game and it did the mojang screen like usual , and a changelog , then once i got those out of the way , i found a problem : the only thing that showed up was the background . no buttons , no title , no splash text . all it was : a blurry picture of a minecraft world . i cant find a solution to the problem and im not sure if it has been happening to others . if there was an update to fix this problem , id be happy .
everybody loves fighting exploring and building . i love brewing potions enchanting tools and building cities . new things are coming like red stone wiring which gives more excitement and exploration . own a house a castle a city or an empire . best played with friends .
hi , i absolutely love minecraft ! it is really fun and enjoyable for all ages . my dad even played with me when i was <num> . (i am now <num> ) . it is the best ! i simply enjoy building for hours at a time . honestly if you want to download it , you should . building with everything is really fun . i am going to buy it soon . : d
the concept of the gameplay is normal , just like the older version . no problem , yes the windows <num> version is due to update . but mojang wont add a lot of the features that are in the normal minecraft (not windows <num> ) . i want them to add the feature that you can place <num> blocks high instead of two , when you are high up . i also miss the regular minecraft (in general) . when i play servers like hypixel or mineplex . theres only a couple of things you could do .
this is the most played game on my pc and it is amazing . i love this game and the updates are constant to this game so you wont be left in the cold . this is the best ten dollars that i have ever spent period .
but the only thing i want is to cross play with xbox one players if the game gets updated to that point , but would really like to see that and experience it and play it . now the game itself is simply the best way faster then the regular one and thats because its meant to be like that just please put to where you can play with xbox users even though pc is kind of better controls then regular xbox controller but still please add it to that . thank you !
i know i love minecraft on all versions so i know i will like this one . but it wont let me download this ! it stops at acquiring liscence an then says try that again . i click see details and it says the error code is <num> x <num> f <num>
i like building and how u build stuff
i am a large fan of minecraft . i have known about and played the game for many years now . i always loved the game . i bought the java edition (twice) and the pe version . the java edition was great , i got everything i wanted and more . the pe edition was good , but it didnt feel too fun . when i heard that windows <num> edition was coming out , i felt optimistic for the future (plus i basically had two free copies from the java versions i bought) . it was nice , but didnt live up to my expectations . now i see that there are microtransactions everywhere . this is exactly the direction i didnt want the game to go . locking down the community and making you pay for everything . microsoft is forcing everyone to leave the java edition , by making every other version compatible with one another , except for good old java . buy the java version , since you can play on windows <num> with it , but also because it comes with a free copy of windows <num> . tl ; dr : buy the java version . you can thank me later .
i cant really buy anything like minecoins will you please do something about it please and thank you !
the game is amazing and so are the mechanics ! it works great on my pc now and i will play minecraft till the end !
its a really neat game .
i have played minecraft since it first came out . minecraft was the first ever video game i played and i am still in love with the game to this day . i highly recommend this game to anyone . i really helps me with my eye coordination . the only thing is i wish they would add commands to this version .
please add <num> bit support ! i would love to play it but i cant : (
i am a fan of minecraft and i think this app would make you addicted to the game . have fun !
i like the game and it is really good . i think they should add a multiplayer button so we can go on servers or just play with friends . i also liked the path feature in the villages . one problem that i know is in the actual game though , is that iron golems attack you even if you accidently hit a villager . also , im not sure if this is a glitch , but the iron golem killed me , and when i came back into the village , it killed me again . they should also add the pirate speak language to the game . i also noticed that most of the features are from pe edition , like the fallen trees . another thing is that in the trial , you cant do any sort of customization for your world . these ware all the problems , but everything else is running perfect and smooth . i love it !
love the new ocean workup and im almost eager to see those wraith things come for me . is that bad ? oh well . beautiful game ! only could you mayyyybe consider making it compatible for mods ? ive been wanting to try out the aether mod for a long time now . also minor detail , but do you think you could fix the issue that doesnt let things stack if i rightclick them out of a chest ? thanks !
the game is fine but remember this game cannot be linked with your mojang account . just letting people know this in case that was their plan .
can we get some more animals ? i love the new aquatic update but more animals would be nice . also some more food variations ! so far i have loved minecraft for years !
i love this version of minecraft , and for all of the people who want other things , be patient . they are still adding things bit by bit . i am confident that this version and the pocket edition will be the best versions of the game .
it runs far better on both my windows <num> gaming pc and windows <num> tablet , and is far more visually appealing than the normal java version of minecraft . its also much more touchscreenfriendly , but its missing key advanced video and control settings , as well as having some buggy mechanics like clickanddragging in the inventory , and strafing while running . overall its very good for a beta and will provide enjoyable gameplay , even with its downfalls . recommended
i love the new update it is amazing so much cool items and other stuff the one thing i cant figure out is duel wielding when will you add shields to thank you so much for adding !
i wish that i could buy the skins but i dont have minecoins . what if we got an allowance so we can buy items but dont have to actually pay for it ?
the sound is glitch but still a good game . needs more computer version . and keep up the good work mojang
i have been a fan of minecraft since i was nine and i played the first release sometime around april or may maybe a little later . i love everything they have done to the game and are doing with the game itself ! it is amazing . keep it up ! i only think that the pc windows <num> edition should be compatible with the xbox one , for a number of reasons . one : being that you have to connect to xbox live . two : being that so many other games are going cross platform and it really works with games such as rocket league . if you read this , thank you for taking your time to appreciate a long time lovers review . the game is really worth <num> stars if you can have fun and play with friends . trust me ! worth the buy !
its just like the minecraft pocket edition , except i think its easier to control . the added features in the new update make it difficult to change character perspective , but other than that it handles extremely well and is a very fun game !
could not find a single thing i liked about it . could not figure out how to get full screen . always had the taskbar at the bottom and the window bar at the top . then , controls could not be altered . i use the mouse left handed and controls right handed , so this was extremely awkward for me . once there is the option to set up my own controls , i might give it another try . if you own the android version already , youre not missing anything here . for now though , ill pass .
i get error code <num> x <num> f <num> and it says try installing again
this is still beta and thus not at all a finished product . its amount of content is far from the actual java pc version but i hope thats going to come more or less soon . great to see a pc version of minecraft without java , though . surprise , surprise , it runs a whole lot quicker than the java version and im glad this step has finally been taken . other things id like to have improved are the actual pc controls . key remapping should be there and the current camera controls with the mouse are way too quick and feel weirdly accelerated . also , my scroll wheel is way to sensitive on this game . i am aware it has to do with logitechs smooth scrolling feature but most games are fine with it and it would be great if this minecraft version could have a fix as well . anyway , curious as to how this will turn out .
therfore this game should be available on the xbox one as well .
this game is extremely fun and addictive . running around and playing with friends is a big thumbs up . the game offers many languages to choose from . the number of building blocks this game has is extraordinary . aside from that , the game is constantly being updated and has almost caught up with minecraft java edition . i love this game and it is one of my favorites . i hope anyone else who plays it will love it as much as i do !
have always loved playing minecraft , love being able to play on my laptop . hoping some more updates are in the future and that the cost can be lowered for others to enjoy !
a really great game especially for the creative mind !
this game has never disappointed me , beautiful performance on all devices and an overall amazing game ! totally worth the purchase if youre into building and are a creative mind . but i recommend this for everyone . remember , dont just give up at the start , take time to get into the game . it brings great things .
minecraft is still a very fun game and the addition of the better together update really makes playing with friends easy and fun !
ive spent years watching minecraft videos on youtube , so i was very excited when i purchased minecraft for myself and began playing it . and while its very fun , theres still tons of room for improvement in the windows <num> edition . while calling this particular version stripped down might be unfair , ive learned (the hard way) that this edition is based off of the earlier pocket edition of minecraft , which lacks many of the features of the original pc edition . what id really like to see added to minecraft : windows <num> are more options that enable people with slower pcs to play the game without worrying about big performance issues . (minecraft , after all , is a surprisingly resourcedemanding game ! ) thats the main thing id like to see added to this edition , but there are also other changes id like to see made . some of the blockitem types (stained glass , for example) and structures (woodland mansions , for example) should really be added to future updates to improve gameplay .
just took away the <num> stars to <num> star , now back to <num> stars ! the progress they are making to let the pewx editions catch up with the pc version is coming along nicely ! still no command prompt . : (
amazing how such a lightweight game can perform when its wellcoded . the difference between this version and the vanilla java version is night and day in microsofts favor . exactly the lightningfast , buttersmooth experience you should expect from a game of <num> x <num> pixel <num> ^ <num> m blocks .
i love the pocket edition and win <num> cross over and how its pocket edition on pc ! amazing ! but the shift click is bugged badly , and some of the inventory is bugged . also the xp orbs sometimes bug , and sometimes my items drop by themselves , please fix these and otherwise , really awesome
if youre a regular pc player like me , i would not recommend . i understand this is more for consolemobile players to be able to play on their pcs , and thats fine , but it just doesnt compete with the real thing . it feels like walking backwards in time with missing features and lack of customization . no custom keybindings is a big problem for me . the interface feels clunky and not very intuitive . i hope there are no intentions of having this replace the real pc version of the game down the road , it would be a huge mistake .
now , i started playing minecraft on pc around <num> . <num> . <num> and i absolutely fell in love with it ! i wanted to gain my skills enough to eventually join a quest to slay the dragon like in peanut butter gamers series . i have tried minecraft on my ipad , and on my android phone but none had the functionality and full capacity that the pc version did . one thing that left me wanting though was controller compatibility . i had an xbox controller but to use it with minecraft , i had to use <num> rd party programs , which were a pain to work with . alas , we have the perfect combination of a full minecraft game , with the simplistic menus of the tablet version , and the controller option that ive been wanting all along ! its good so far ! <num> thing though . when i pause the game , i expect everything to freeze right when i hit pause . save me from a quick death or maybe just going out to type a review . but it keeps running even when paused . dangerous when against enemies . please fix this annoyance and it will be <num> .
loved the relaxing feeling when mining and building
my young old drags me into the game once and awhile to play . i always find myself relaxing and having fun . game on !
great game ! well done ! all of the work theyve done to allow all devices to play with each other is amazing !
honestly , ive been playing minecraft before it was even popular . ive always loved it , and with this version , i love it too , its amazing , and features such as realms and connecting to mobile devices make it all the better . addons make it better , and i recommend using them . how ever i do feel like this and the mobile version are lacking a bit behind , i think you need to catch up on other things like stuff on the pc . overall i give it a <num> . <num> because it needs more updating .
runs really well on most computers since it runs in c++ instead of java and while it is not as up to date as the java version still has a good variety of blocks and materials . the interface for the xbox app functions well and the ability to use a controller is a big plus . i hope they can catch up to the java version soon though , there are many cool things that would be good to have in this version like beacons .
i like the graphics in the water . excellent sound . color is beautiful . it s a good game for someone like myself who is disabled . it passes time by everyday and night . im glad its available as a free version as well . i hope to buy the full version so i can play with others .
i have played minecraft for <num> years (since <num> . <num> . <num> ) and i absolutely love the game . while the original version is overall superior , in terms of optimization , the windows <num> edition is far superior to the original version . another thing i love about this version is the userfriendliness . although i know how to setup a server for the original version of minecraft , i appreciate how this version is extremely easy to use for the newcomers to the game . just start a world and boom , you instantly have a server that others can play on (even people with pocket edition can join too ! ) the while on the original version it can be a bit more annoying at times . however , it is lacking modding and some features from the original version . also , having to pay for texture packs is egregious and ridiculous (texture packs on the original are free) . once it gets the features from the original version , it will be the quintessential version of minecraft because of the incredible optimization .
great game to waste time building random stuff with friends .
this game is very great and microsoft and mojang did a really great job . i found that this game is so great because this game dont let your creative end and the fact that they added addon the game just got a lot better and i love this game also because we can make your own server , even a small or big survival or minigame server we can made it and there are also plugins on server that makes everything better . thats like making a game inside game , and thats incredible and the better together coming soon update makes minecraft even bigger in any platform . and what i worries is when minecraft developer tired or minecraft died . its really sad for me and for all the communites member , i really like being a minecraft player . i usually make command block and stuff but i never post it online because i dont have the courage to do it . kid my age dont make stuff they use stuff . this game is brilliant i am one of those old minecraft pewindows <num> player . and the game is now so great then before
very easy on the go , but they should let us be able to download mods like decocraft and download texture packs like cutecraft or something like that : )
just waiting for the crossplatform multiplayer to reach the xbox one version !
i play minecraft for pc and for newcomers to minecraft thats where all this began i wanted to test this windows <num> verison and its pretty much the same as pocket and eh its . ok not the best for players that want a pc feel to it but its ok if your looking for a minecraft game that runs on the computer i guess well i hope this helps bye everyone !
i love the adventure and the combat . the building is very enjoyable . i fell in love with this game if it may be fate
not quite as good as the pc version , but thats to be expected . what i use this for instead is when im playing with my partner and stepson on their android tablet and ipad . it allows crossplatform local multiplayer from windows <num> to both of those mobile oses . great ! thank you for making this available .
the game is very fun an addicting . i cant wait until they add even more .
minecraft is such a beautiful game on all platforms it has variety and a nice way to play with keyboard and mouse or controller or even with just your hands it noice
ive always loved minecraft and i love minecraft windows <num> edition because you can play with an xbox controller a pc keyboard or touchscreen . love the addons because its just like mods except way easier ! the only thing i dont like is not having stained glass but otherwise great !
this runs much more smoothly than the java version . obviously the first beta version is barely different from pocket edition (which it is ported from) , but well quickly see improvements . one such example of this is in the gui for the survival inventory , crafting table , and stone cutter . they resemble the pc version more than pocket edition . if they do similar things for the other guis , like the furnace and chests , it will be much better . there are optimizations to the gui in general that they could make , but its hard to say in the first beta what they will change . there are many complaints about redstone (which isnt in pocket edition yet , so theyll have to add it to this version separately) , and a bunch of little complaints about things that they will hopefully change . i expect huge updates in the near future that greatly increase the playability of this version . go easy on the reviews . this was just released to public beta .
i love it ! i think it works great , only i wish it could have : enderpearls , pistons , sticky pistons and horses . also there is something wrong with breeding animals . like when you want to breed a cow and u have a stack of <num> its gives the whole stack to the cow .
i love the game <num> . <num> the only thing i think you would want to change is how often you find a new area example i have a world and it has a sand biom that doesnt end for about <num> , <num> blocks and you have to walk all the way across to get to the forest but eventually i did make my own forest on the flat grassy lands but at the beginning it was not that easy but i have made a rail road and im way to in love with the game to stop playing .
i like this game because it gives people another way to play minecraft together , like having xbox live support , crossplatform between pe and win <num> , and lan . while still not having some features , new updates are rolled out relatively quickly . i would strongly recommend this game for users used to pe , and as well as pcmac player , for they get this for free . also , the new updates bring relatively the same features as the pc version , at the same time . very few and minor bugs .
i like how there are a lot of features , but i dont like how i cant load a world from the java edition . there needs to be a converter engine . then , and only then will i be completely satisfied with the game .
i love this . no questions asked .
i love this game soooo much ! i love the llama update ! and everything about it !
its great ! its minecraft , of course its awesome . one big(ish) problem is that when the player explores the world to much , like over an ocean or two , the size of the world becomes to big (like a somewhat small <num> mb to <num> mb) and when that happens , it causes extreme lag , even when staying in one chunk for a long time . that makes it hard to play because of the choppiness , unability for friends to easily join the world , and the mouse starts to get glitch and jumps around instead of being smooth . overall still an awesome game ! just wish that the stupid windows store would get an update so that download speed was normal .
this game is the best ! you should get it ! great for passing time . but i would say it is better with other players on the worlds . but still fun !
i cant play it , every time i load it , it shows the mojang logo and then just quits out
i like how it has a bit of its own taste to it from the other platforms and how it has a few interesting features like how zombie villagers show their own profession but one thing i do not like too much is that in game , most of the interface is to much like pocket edition besides the crafting table .
update : still having a wonderful time ! texture packs would be a definite bonus as well , but for the love of god , implement the <num> d anaglyph already ! previous : (x <num> systems are finally supported ! ) after reading negative reviews , i figured i would install minecraft : windows <num> edition (beta) to test it out . i really dont see what all the fuss is about ! i love this version . its simplified , yet a fully functional version of minecraft : skin packs , servers , nether support , etc . the user interface is clean , and i really enjoy the new features that are integrated into this version . however , it would be nice to see some support for developers who want to publish mods , or some integration for a mod pack store . whether mojang andor microsoft will include this feature is beyond me , but i hope it happens . nonetheless , i sense good things to come in the future . what a fantastic start !
i love how close the game is to the original . something i have noticed is that the cursor does not reposition itself in the center for the gui while using mouse and keyboard , throwing players off and forcing me to search for it . although not a big problem , does get a bit annoying . besides that , this game runs much smoother than the original even with all the updates being added on .
i thank you mojang for creating minecraft
with the new update a lot of bugs have been fixed making the game run faster , and better overall .
i love how this game is nicely put together , and it is exactly like the pocket edition . however , maybe they should add trading with villagers . besides that , its an awesome game .
this game is fantastic . it is very addictive and can help in real life in many ways like you could design a scale model of a building that you might build in real life . it allows you to play on minecraft pe servers and on minecraft pe worlds . it is a version of minecraft pe but for windows <num> pcs . it gets the updates that minecraft pe gets and stays level with the features the $ <num> pcmac version has . there is a small delay between the updates between the pcmac version and minecraft windows <num> edition beta . this game is great and is worth the $ <num> .
it is a great game for windows <num> . its also awesome that you can cross platforms and be able to join pocket edition on either ios or android . the game would be <num> times better if you make it like either the pc version or slowly make it up to the xbox and playstation version . adding commands would also bump up buyers . thank you ! update ( <num> ) everything is perfect and finally added everything i could ask for now the best portable minecraft ever ! thank you mojang !
now even though the desktop version will always be the best , this is the way to go with the feel that windows <num> is taking on . nicely done !
i love how this game has so many uses and possibilities . you can let your mind flow in creative by building anything from mansions to amusement parks to zombie traps . survival of the fittest is the law in mode survival . collect resources to build your dream house from scratch or simply explore your world . you can play by yourself with only the company of animals or invite your friends in multiplayer . theres still so many more options . download minecraft for just $ <num> and check it out for yourself ! get crafting !
reasons why i hate it : <num> . bugs <num> . servers are terrible <num> . since you guys brught xbox to the btu update , we wolnt get xbox edition updates . <num> . no mods <num> . its <num> flippin dollars making it more than the java edition even though the java edition is wwwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyy better . <num> . this is going to be the main version <num> . crashes
ok guys , so i see a lot of misinformed reviewers that would like this game a lot better if they knew more about their problems . so , if anyone has questions , just head your review jessicamac and i will try and answer via my review . each answer will only be up for <num> hours , so if you dont see a response you might have missed your answer or i could have missed your question . i do my best but nobodys perfect . : ) im a real person that playz this game , and ive read a lot on the subject , so i can probably help , but check me with google if you want . let me know if im misinformed ! i could notknow something about the best game on the planet ! lol . sooooooo i cant wait to see if i can help you out . jess btw , my review is an obvious <num> star , but im not an advertiser , so i dont plan on blowing up or anything if you happen to hate minecraft or something . ; ) i just want to make sure youre fully informed before you start hating ! posted <num> : <num> am saturday i will post info on public servers .
i love the game because it help you relax the brain . if you get stress get on minecraft and it will help . totally worth the money .
i like how the app store ver . of minecraft is sort of like the mobile version with the main menu and pause menu etc . but i would prefer the multiplayer to be on the main menu like on the original downloaded version from the minecraft website because i have and many other people have gotten used to that . also because you are sort of remaking the game maybe you could add a mods tab as well as texture packs , because everyone wants mods and having a mods tab would make things a whole lot easier like installing a texture pack , having this would be awesome ; besides that the beta is great so far and hope to see what the windows <num> edition brings
it is awesome all the way , just to do command hit t and enter killgabe or tpgabe thats the way cammands roll best game i ever played just hit that play button & you are good to go .
the game is the fun minecraft experience weve all come to know , and is a solid first step for microsoft on this platform . however , some work definitely needs to be done with regards to the ux when playing with controller . the interface that we see on consoles would be ideal , and im confident this will be implemented , but in the meantime crafting with a controller is such a chore that i doubt ill play this version of the game very much .
everything has changed dramatically . cant wait for multiplayer .
i like this game on the xbox <num> and i love the windows <num> version . it does have problems but that was expected with it in beta . they have made the game way better then when it first came out so i expect it to get even better . and this being a xbox app you can see other peoples screen shots andor videos . making friends is easier then i thought it would be , and playing with friends just makes it better . i would fully recommend this game , even if you found the other versions less then entertaining . im sure you will find this one quite fun and enjoyable .
ive been a fan of minecraft since i was <num> and i never got to play the pc version ! its like whatever is in my mind in a game ! i can build anything , i can play survival and fight monsters , or play creative and build statues ! this game is perfect for me , i love it : d
this a more basic version of minecraft pc , and this game feels very similar to minecraft pocket edition . i know this game is still in beta but mojang (microsoft) please make it less of pocket edition and base it around pc , otherwise this game is great . its defiantly faster than regular minecraft pc which i like .
at the current time , the game has a few bugs that need some fixing ; however , i am loving the speed of the game and it definitely has great potential . i also greatly enjoy the link between this game and the xbox platform . it gives native xbox players reason to play the game . ; ) dont judge it too harshly , it is still in beta .
i play this a lot with my brother . its fun to play on the same world as your friends . all you have to do is be on the same wifi ! minecraft is a great game and is fun for all ages .
this is the best game for kids it helps them build and use there imagination
though it does not have all the features that the desktop edition has , i am really liking this version . it runs nicely on my dual core machine , startup is faster than the desktop version , and it is easier to switch between the game and other windows . when my kids play the desktop version , i often have to get involved to do some kind of tech support . the windows <num> edition is so much cleaner and easier to get started . it is easier to for them to get a multiplayer game going too . i enjoy not having to get involved . it ties in to xbox live nicely .
i got this for free from owning the pc version , and for the price it isnt bad . keep in mind it is still a beta , but i think it has a lot of potential , the tabletlike ui is just a starting point . the biggest selling point for me is that it runs on microsofts new directx <num> . the potential performance improvements are astronomical . simply the fact that it runs on a native windows library and not jvm should spell out huge performance improvements . i hope they update it to include full pc features , but for now , its good . i look forward to seeing what it looks like out of the beta .
awesome ! i love the crossplay compatability with : xbox one , nintendo switch , and mobile !
this game is like minecraft pe , but even better . now you can play with minecraft pe players on a computer . i love the ability to play this game for free when you have the computer version . no need to worry about messing things up with your hands and fingers or elbows because now you have your keyboard . this is a huge plus for pvp server players . prepare to have amazing pvp skills . now , instead of you getting wrecked in pvp , now you can run in circles against your enemies and watch them fall to the ground ! plus , now since youve got the computer , you can repeat your commands easier . i highly recommend this game to anybody who plays minecraft . stay tuned for more amazing updates . lets go , microsoft .
i have owned minecraft since it first came out on pc , i enjoyed the community and thought it was a great game . then it came out on xbox <num> . i fell in love with that version ( ya it might not have had the servers and people , but it was special and different . it gave off a lovable and enjoyable feeling . not only that but the textures were different and brighter in a good way) . i believe that mojang has brought that experience back with minecraft : windows <num> edition . the game is stunning and makes me remember the first time i have ever played minecraft . this game can not even be described by words , so i say that if you want to have fun without the problems of violence and rudeness then you would love this game
i love this game . im addicted to this game . needs more updates and needs to have the things xbox has . overall totally worth the money . i love it !
would you guys be able to update the pictures .
the constant effort being put in by mojang and microsoft to bring constant updates is awesome ! bugfixes and cool new features ! love how little memory and processing power it takes to run the game . i am definitely going to be playing this a lot more often !
minecraft is an amazing game , with endless possibilities ! but there are a few things that upset me : you cant upgrade minecraft into any higher(or lower) version . also , you cant install any mods in this version of minecraft ! this really upsets me , and sometimes makes me not want to play minecraft . i encourage microsoft to enable updates and mods into this version of minecraft to . spice it up , or else , it will take the joy out of minecraft . i forgot one last thing . commands ! i dont know much about commands which explains why every command i try to put in wont work , even the ones they tell me to put in ! as i was saying , minecraft is a game where theres a journey waiting anyone , at anytime . i encourage microsoft to update minecraft and make it mod compatible , ( i didnt really care much for the commands ; ) so that players of minecraft develop an imagination with no limits .
i got this by downloading java edition and boy its worth every penny ! p . s download java edition is minecraft . com
i been playing this for over a year now . i love the texture packs and mashups . i would love to see a five nights at freddys mashup . i know thats just wishful thinking but it would be awesome if they did .
odličan port minecrafta za windows <num> . to je ustvari mcpe (pocket edition) i zato možete igrati sa nekim ko koristi android ili ios , a uskoro i xbox one , ps <num> i nintendo switch sa novim crossplay updateom . još uvijek nema baš sve funkcije i blockove kao java verzija zato što je igra još uvijek u beta fazi razvoja , ali će ubrzo imati sve kao java verzija . minecraft store je također jako zanimljiva ekskluzivna funkcija ove verzije (zajedno sa mcpe) i to je jako dobar način za ulaganje u minecraft community i način za ljude koji prave mape , teksture , skinove itd . da zarade novac za svoj rad i trud što im omogućava da prave još više sadržaja . besplatan kod uz java verziju je jako dobrodušno od microsofta i dobar je način za promociju ove verzije igre . kao i svaka igra , i ova ima bugova , ali developeri su jako brzi i izbacuju česte updatee . sve u svemu ovo je jako zabavna igra koja će vam pružiti jako mnogo zabave i zadovoljstva i to je razlog što sam je ocijenio sa <num> zvjezdica ! : d
i recommend this version to anyone who has ever played minecraft before . i got this free from my minecraft <num> gb xbox one s and i got to say , its actually a lot better than the original one . if you are a parent reading this , you need to buy this game for your kids . minecraft is all about creativity . back in <num> , people would just build bases to survive nights today , it is different ! imagine what ever you want , and minecraft has all the materials . minecraft has changed over the years , but this is the one to go with ! : d
i like how it is compatible with pocket edition so i can play it with my friends . but while playing multiplayer it crashes sometimes . it also needs much more items , ike the pc version . overall it is a fun game .
right now , it may not seem like much but its in beta . this game will be much , much better with the plans ahead . in the next updates they will be adding cross platform play which means you can play with minecraft pe , xbox and pc users . they are also working on multiple inputs with means you can play with keyboards , controllers and touch pads . they are also going to add a built in game dvr so this is what i think it means , lets say you just did something really awesome and you didnt record it , some how you can go back and record it . ive heard the price will go up when its out of beta so you might want to buy it now when its cheap or , if you are a minecraft pc owner you can get this for free . well thats all the news ive heard thanks for reading .
its very enjoyable and it runs smoothly with windows <num> and doesnt really freeze as much as it would on a different computer . thnx and i love it
im a user of the original pc version of minecraft that allows you to use mods and personalize the experience . this is not that version , but it is an amazing experience nevertheless . having an optimized base game that requires no installers and is a truly clickandrun game , makes it extremely easy for me to share it and play with the rest of my family in shared worlds thanks to the friends tab in the play section . i like that you can personalize the skin of your character (you can find any skin you can imagine if you bing minecraft skins) and the fact that it has xbox achievements (im still trying to get all the wool colors) . overall a very fun and highly recommended minecraft version .
this is an awesome game for playing for your friends via pc & smartphone . the graphics are nice and crispy , the framerate is at a good <num> fps , and addictive ! so if you have some friends that dont have pc , then i reccommend this software !
love how you can play with other people and mcpe , its really great ! however , it needs mod support and a few more updates like stained glass and more redstone powered items . still , great game and i enjoy playing ! the one thing that really bothered me was not mod support , modding gives the player a far more better experience for minecraft , it just really gives it that kick !
this is one of the best games ever . u can build whatever u want its so simple and easy . i hope others download thi gam . it is so fun many people say its boring but i think not , i think minecraft is actually the best game ever created so if u dont like it dont spread false claims cause thats not very cool an it turns out the ones who spread rumors are the ones that like it the most . take my advise people !
after the various bug fixes i can now finally play the game without all the crashes . although the realms are super expensive (please , please microsoft lower the price it kills) they are really fun if you have a lot of friends that dont grief and are a good concept but i wish is was more like , i buy the server for say $ <num> , then to change the world its like $ <num> and i can play for however long i wish on that $ <num> world until i want to pay for a world switch . not to mention if they changed the realm system then they would have a better chance to make more money because parents arent going to pay $ <num> a month forever but they would pay $ <num> if it indeed lasted forever which i think would make more money for microsoft and keep the community happy . dearly , a nerd who has stupid ideas .
performs a lot better then the java version of minecraft , but its filled with micro transactions , which , fair enough dont affect gameplay . but your are missing out on a lot of freedom in this version of minecraft , as it does not support mods , and the texture packs cost money , which is kind of a bummer . and please fix the awful water texture when viewing the water from anywhere but right above it . like what the heck ?
once the cross platforming capability that was discussed and promised is implemented i will gladly and happily give this game a <num> star rating . the cross platforming that i am talking about is xbox one and windows <num> . that capability is the main reason for purchasing this game . ive already bought the xbox <num> edition , then the xbox one edition since i updated consoles , to be honest i feel a bit ripped off to have to purchase the game yet again but did it willingly because its a good game and i can (or so i thought) play with my kids in the evening time . a little insight would be of great help here . ill be waiting
this is such a fun and addicting game . great graphics and brings a more updated experience to minecraft . the only problem here is that the game freezes almost every <num> minutes , even when im jumping . please fix this as this is very annoying and makes it harder to play .
its a mind blowing game mojang its cool
minecraft is a really great game . you can build and explore . you change your skin anytime too . updates are awesome and will always make the game even beter than before . i hope you like it . one thing that is also great is that you can play with friends . are you ready for it ?
missing a lot of features , but its beta , something that a lot of people around here seem to forget . ive owned the game since its alpha days and was pleased to see a free code for the windows <num> version here . the first thing youll notice is that the game isnt running in the old java client , which is already a good first step . i hope to see more features added to this version besides the intended vanilla features , perhaps we can get some crossplatform multiplayer going on with xbox one ? many of the negative reviews i see complain about inapp purchases (limited to skins , but you still have the option to import your own skins for free) and even more of the negative reviews treat this game as a finished product . again , this is beta . its an unfinished product . it says beta in the title , but lets be honest here . microsoft cant possibly label it large enough for colorful enough to make it obvious to these people that its a work in progress . ignore the <num> star reviews .
i love this game but i want it to be like java edition , i heard that the update might be coming out soon maybe in december but i just cant wait , the <num> . <num> . <num> update was awesome but i expect more , im happy that we get end city with the end together , i wish it is coming , awesome games are infinite , just like minecraft .
i love all versions of minecraft but this one allows me to play with my viewers on the xbox platform as well . bettertogetherupdate . the open world design of minecraft allows for your imagination to run wild and play how you want . are you into going up against the environment & surviving against all odds ? you can ! do you like to pvp against your friends & see who is the king of the world ? you got it ! do you like to build fantastic worlds from the ground up ? oh yeah you can do that too . but there is so much more . the marketplace allows you to get so much more content . i love loading up my realm with some new & exciting content from the marketplace and playing with my friends and viewers . i have been playing minecraft for <num> + years now because there is so much to do . updates add new content to the base game & other people add so much more ! i would love to see them implement the ability for adminsmods to be able to add or remove people from the realms but really thats my only complaint !
i like the game its so awesome
i love minecraft ! it is an amazing game that anyone can enjoy , whether you like survivalbased gameplay , messing around with modifications , pvp(player vs . player) , or just straight up building , this is a creative sandbox world were you can do anything your creativity can think of . i love it so much i have it on my macbook , my pc , and my ipad(not to mention my xbox <num> ) . all in all , this deserves a flat <num> out of <num> rating(five stars) because of how many possibilities there are for you to have .
im not sure how a windows <num> beta was going to look like . the gui is very similar to the pocket edition , which is strange playing on pc . there are still bugs . one major bug atm is the sound not working ! how can one survive in the game without listening for creepers and their friends ? the multiplayer feature is confusing at first . im not sure how the join friend will work since it is asking for ip and port . i thought it would be more like the xbox version where you can just click join on your friends name . edit : sound has been fixed thank you ! there is a new xbox live join feature , but i got no friends who has win <num> so i cant test out multiplayer yet . : (
i cannot install on my dell venue <num> pro running the latest build of windows <num> . the install button is greyed out and there is a message stating to use this app , youll need a device with more features . for details , see additional info . there is no relevant information in the additional info section . how do i get this game installed ? there doesnt appear to be a clear path for support via the store and microsoft help pages .
first wheres the mods and i like love it out loud !
this game got me addicted to minecraft and the sountrack . oh the sountrack . it makes me want to just float into that world . loved every minute of it .
the game looks like im playing in pe , like to make a game cross play you dont need to change the look of it for all platforms . the servers are very laggy and unstable . and the pvp in the servers isnt fair ! i play on pc and its very easy to win pvp . please make the game look good depending on the device .
minecraft is great because you can do so much with it . it can be exciting with fighting some of the mobs for the first time on a world . it can give you a sense of adventure when you explore the terrain and caves . it allows you to express yourself with building . it can even be relaxing if you tend a farm , or decide to dig up an entire area . or you could simply blow it all up if you choose . the possibilities truly are endless , which is why i can always come back to playing minecraft and sink so many hours into it . the java edition has historically been ahead with features , and while that is still true at the time of writing , this edition (bedrock) has been catching up quickly over the past few months . on top of that , the biggest advantage it has over the java edition is that you can play with your xbox friends on the same world , which as a streamer and content creator helps me connect with more people in my community , which i love !
my son and i both enjoy playing this game , especially together , with one of us on the android version and one on the windows <num> version . i did have a situation come up where the save was corrupted , so i had to completely wipe my sons profile and restart his game , but that seemed to be a bit of a fluke . everything else seems to work great , and with each update , there are more and more features . it keeps getting better , and keeps getting closer to complete . im glad i purchased it .
this is awsome it relaxes your brain if your mad its a creative game i love it ! keep it up mojang and i love this game i rated it <num> stars i just love mojangs work into this keep it up mojang
its a great game fun to play helpful when bored the only thing i dont like is it freezes up every now and then but besides that great ! : )
i would like to know because i have a new account .
we have encountered some glitches since down loading the game but everyone does seem to be working hard to resolve them . it takes longer then i would like for customer service follow up , but they do and they even check back when they are pretty sure problem has been resolved . as far as the game its self its pretty awesome the hole family plays from age <num> great version of mind craft so much better then the pocket addition .
hmm , quite amazingly done , here , here . i cant wait until the crossplatform gameplay . this game has really taken me aback into the good ol days of minecraft with its simplicity and new additions . without all of that java bull , the game runs perfectly ; even on a system with <num> installed ram . thankee for that ! i also cant wait for online multiplayer and xbox live additions , skins and so on . i also wouldnt mind small patches and stuff for the little things ; adding a busted up pick axe with a new one and theyll become one and such . well , i think thats all for me . hey , cheers ! to the best minecraft beta the world has ever seen . if youre a fan of the indiehit , minecraft , and can deal with the lack of overwhelming content this is the game for you . long days and pleasant nights , sai .
i love the survival end of the game . start from nothing , make tools , shelter , food supply , go on adventures and find treasures guarded by hordes of enemies deep in caves . soon you will be able too make about anything you can think up . i cant wait for the friendly update . great job . my only complaint is . ummm . i started with a commador <num> a long time ago and cant believe the sad little kids who have no clue how far games have come are allowed too post bad reviews about a game that allows you too create a virtual world that can be anything you want it too be . and now even in vr . a <num> year old can now do this if he wanted too . from pong and such too this . awesome ! update on the latest update ! the new texture packs are worth every penny . now minecraft has grown up ! looks more realistic with the city textures . mobs even have cool new outfits . i play mostley on my pc with no known issues , the only dif . i see from my pocket edition is no crafting help in menu .
this is a great game , but there are so many idits sending out bad reviews . any person who says it should be free , or its not the real thing , are just dumbaes and should not be listened to . all of these reasons have answers to them . <num> . mojang needs money to pay their employees to basically codedevelopimprovefix minecraft win <num> pe . if this was free they would need to stop making minecraft winpe . <num> . this is a port minecraft pe (pocket edition) for windows <num> . the description even says this is not minecraft java edition ! go on the minecraft wiki if you want too ! minecraft pe is a version of minecraft in c++ , a much faster programming language than java . mojang says that they will roll out updates on java before pewin <num> then they will apply them to other versions . thats why java has more features ! but win <num> pe are now not that far apart , and now you can barely tell the differences .
i like the game it looks like it will work out , but there are some features that are needed that are important . you cant use an anvil while in creative and you cant move and attackbreak blocks at the same time . other than that it is very nice . i hope that you improve upon these features soon , especially the part where you cant attack or break blocks while moving . if ficed will rate five stars . also freezes up a lot .
its a very addicting game , love it ! however , there is one thing i wish for them to fix . when you connect to server it wont load . please fix this !
all it does is show me the title screen background . please help !
i usually play the java version of minecraft because of the features and mods , but this version (c++) is still fun and runs great on mobile devices . i had minecraft pe on my iphone and ipad but it is great to have this version on my surface pro and desktop . there is cross platform play so you can join servers with people playing on ios or android oss . the game is similar to the java version in many aspects and different in others . i understand it is meant for mobile and therefore there is a lack of graphics settings , except from fast to fancy , but since they are pushing this with windows <num> , many people have powerful gaming pcs and would like to change the settings to take advantage of their hardware . i would recommend this game and if you already own the java version then it is free , just sign into you mojang account on their website and enter your code in the windows store . not a replacement for java minecraft but definitely worth trying out !
the windows <num> edition pocket edition is still a bit behind the ol java version regarding mechanics and content , but not by all that much . for a vanilla experience , the win <num> edition is a very easy way to play : great performance , littletono technical issues .
i love minecraft windows <num> ect . its amazing , so much fun , survival or creative , one thing they should add is spectator mode and hardcore mode , that would make the game more challaging , also , i love that you dont need internet for your skin to load ! that is my favorite part , there is also cool tricks that windows <num> has that mcpe dint have , like pick a block with your scroll wheel : d
this version of mc really helps to test out the newly introduced addons and to test a bunch of maps that require a set of power and speed .
this game is so addicting and you can cross play with pocket players , nintendo switch players , and also xbox players !
im so excited for version <num> . <num> . <num> or known as <num> . <num> !
great game for all ages ! the w <num> version of minecraft runs a lot smoother and snappier than the original . once redstone and other blocks are brought in , this could be the goto version of minecraft for many !
i really like the music it so relax ! the graphic looks amazing . i really like survival mode . but the thing i dont like about this game is it look so similar to the pocket edition version making the game a bit boring . you should add some more of the pc version . because this cost <num> $ and pe cost <num> $ only . make it beterrrrr
i first got this app when it first came out on my iphone , then it came out on here so i got it , its just like pocket edition . i love everything about this game an it is coming to be more and more like pc all the time , <num> stars , best game ive ever played ! p . s . you can play with pocket edition users on their phone and get on servers !
i love the windows <num> beta , its awesome and really fun everything is cool and i can even use my xbox <num> controller to play it . one bug that i really dont like though is that if youre walking while you open an item like a chest or something similar then you still walk .
i opened it yesterday but , the options play etc menu wasnt there , i opened it again today , same thing , please help me with this ? i really wanna continue playing it , or if you could help me in some other way like this if you cant change it maybe let me know if it saves your mapsgames skins and everything , if the game does save all that stuff when you uninstall it and reinstall it , if not please tell me what else i can do to fix it , thank you
its almost exactly like minecraft pocket edition , and i like that . i love the crossplay between the other editions and this edition ! this game is perfect for lowend computers , like mine ! this game is the unified version of the game , and i love it !
this game is so fun
the poor reviews are uncalled for . clearly , there are features missing and some problems . overall , very impressed thus far . positive : very smooth scrolling , clean textures , distance viewing goes for miles without killing your system , and most of all . the tie into your live account is fantastic . very easy dl and account mgt . friends connectivity through live is also fantastic . great start ! needs improvement : absolutely need dedicated server and more stable multiplay . it does tend to crash or lag at times for those connecting . (just <num> intranet struggled at times) mc is supposed to be a realtime world . you cant just shutdown and nothing happens . i want to come back and see my wheat grown and my town nuked by creepers . i do eventually want to see pluginmod capability . these are the lifeblood of mc and keep the interest level up .
i love how you can seamlessly switch from controller to keyboard . it feels like i can switch at the drop of a hat . i love all of the block options that are available all in one place . i love how it looks and runs on my pc , and that all of the custom options are there for when you want to customize your game . it seems like this will be a fantastic version of the game when it gets fully released . however , a huge complaint i have is that you cant customize controls yet . im a left handed person who cant use my right hand very well except for easy tasks , so generally i like to move my character with the arrow keys using my right hand and do everything else with my left . also there are a few things that make it hard to use the controller as well , but that may just be me not used to a new layout yet . so for now the game is a bit awkward and challenging to play physically . ill keep trudging on because i absolutely love minecraft , but please work on this feature soon so i can play fully .
<num> ) its a beta , it says so in the product name <num> ) yes , there are horses in game . they spawn quite often . <num> ) the title runs great on low end hardware . i am currently running it on a dell venue <num> pro <num> gb version and it does not miss a beat . also , contrary to what has been stated , you can use community texture packs as well as store bought ones . the update cycle runs along with the minecraft pocked edition versions . ive also seen mention that it was not made for pc . this version is quite easy and smooth with keyboard and mouse but does well with controller or touch if need be .
i love this game because it is creative and fun for all ages
this is a great game . i play it constantly and its addictive . keep up the good work .
i like minecraft and i like my new update
i really like the new add on feature , and i think that itll be an amazing addition to the community , but the problem i find with it is that theres no real tutorial to get into the files and make your own . i have some cool ideas buuut i cant for the life of me figure out how to start . i watched the video of searge make the alien invasion skeleton , but thats about all the love there is for add ons . i think it would benefit the community if you had an easy to find demonstrational tutorial that shows where all the files are , how to edit them , and what certain features entail . thanks for the hard work youve put into this update , id just like to know how it works ! cx
ive been playing minecraft for a few years now , and i love it when it branches out like this . but i was disappointed to learn that there are key features missing from it , like trading with villagers , that the other versions of the game have . if those were added on , then it is definitely a <num> star game , without a doubt in my mind . i still love the game , regardless !
although it still has a long way to go before it can supplant the standard java version , this version of minecraft has a lot of promise . the performance is much better than the java version , and the developers keep adding new features . although the features lag behind normal minecraft somewhat at the time of this writing , i look forward to a day when it catches up with the java version (and hopefully adds mod support as well) . its a great pastime ! im a bit bummed that it doesnt have crossbuy with my windows phone and with xbox one , but perhaps that will be fixed when it leaves beta . it also doesnt sync with the cloud , but its not enough of an issue for me to remove a star .
i like it a lot ! but i just wish it were the computer version with the <num> . <num> update and where you can add sever addresses . although is fun , addicting , and fairly awesome , i wish it was what i was expecting <emoji> other than that , this is just an epic game ! if you fix this and update minecraft , i will automatically change my rating to a five star !
minecraft means everything to me and the people who play minecraft as well . minecraft has helped me and probably millions of people out in the world today . it makes me understand the world a bit better , and gives me hope to things i want to be or achieve out in the real world . when im sad , i build something thats gets my mind off the pain , of course the game has a few bad things but there is still the bright side about the game . this game has changed the world in some way . hopefully the developers keep getting more great ideas for the game in the future . this game deserves <num> stars & this game , is the first for me to say i am really proud of it . keep up the good work guys ! from : william portillo to : mojang , microsoft
minecraft is so relaxing and fun ! no wonder when i go to put a tag on a video it says : minecraft (awardwinning work) ! in a few words : simply great ! the only complaint i have about this game is the install process took a few trys . otherwise this game is perfect !
i love the fact that this is almost exactly like the original pc and pocket edition versions of minecraft ; however , it gets rid of many essential features that me and many of my friends at school use . i introduced minecraft to many of my friends at school , and purchased over fifty accounts for each of them . we developed our own custom controls for us to use , but minecraft windows <num> beta edition does not have an option to set custom keyboard controls like pc version does . many of us prefer to play minecraft windows <num> beta edition on our surfaces or pcs over cellphone because we love the keyboard options ; however , we cannot play it fluently because of the lack of control options . other than that , this game is excellent ! its fast ! its fun ! its addictive !
i love that this game can run great on low end pcs unlike the java version , and i love the cross platform play and controller support . but sometimes , exiting a world and re entering will cause all items on my character to just disappear , im glad i only had <num> stacks of wood for my house but im afraid this might happen with diamonds on me . also , when my items disappear , so do my sisters , (we play cross platform over lan , me on my pc and her on my nvidia shield portable . ) and we both lost all of our items . but when this glitch does not happen , it is a blast to play . also , it would be good for a different chest interface for controllerkeyboard and mouse , and the xbox crafting interface for controller only . i hope this glitch is fixed soon so we can play without worry .
as a pocket edition and pc edition player , this bring the two together and is nearly perfect , it has the ability to play with your xbox friends , take screenshots and more win just a couple of clicks , as an owner of nearly all the minecraft editions im happy to add this to my collection especially for free : p , hope this version turns out well and happy playing ! note : multiplayer is not realeased until this is out of beta
its good for kids and is just perfect !
it lacks many of the features of the pc version , but im sure those will be along soon enough . the biggest plus is the speed : i have it set on highest quality graphics with the greatest render distance and it still runs smoothly . the biggest downside is the lack of configuration options . i really miss the ability to configure the key layout . i like the graphics . they update the look while keeping the iconic feel . there are also some nice additions to the environment , like fallen logs in the forest , giant mushrooms in the swamp and spawning baby animals of all species . as soon as they port a few more features from the pc version ill probably start playing this version exclusively .
i think the game is fine . it is basically the pocket version (i dont mind that) and im starting to see a connection between this and xbox , which is cool . however , twentysix dollars for this when the actual pc version is twentysix , console is twenty and pocket is ten is just bad pricing . all the other versions are well priced by what features you get . the pc version has mods , xbox version is on xbox , and pocket edition is portable . this is on the same platform as the pc with way less features . it is not worth twentysix dollars . it should be more like ten .
very fun and addicting game though it lacks a lot from the pc version . im excited to see how far this game will go . one of the best perks of this version is being able to quickly log on to friends worlds . however it is frustrating having to wait for the mobile to keep up and vice versa . there are minimal bugs for it being in a beta version , however the bug they need to fix is when trying to get on someone elses world it will say connecting to server or something and wont actually load . they said it was a computer problem , however my laptop is up to date and it continues to happen . only other issue is updates take forever , and i know i cant blame the game for this , i just have to be patient haha .
i think the windows <num> edition is good , with the new update it is good . but if you added in command blocks , pistons etc . this would be my favourite
so , one of the problems i have is that it should be cheaper if it was like $ <num> . <num> you would make more because people wouldnt be spending so much so they wouldnt mind buying it . i will give you guys a <num> star rating if you can lower the price of the game . thank you for reading my comment and see yall
like in some other reviews , i agree that this is pocket edition on pc and a tad disappointing . even so , it runs quickly and smoothly , and is absolutely beautiful . im hoping this will be heading towards a time when all editions of minecraft can play with each other so everyone can have fun no matter what machine they are running it on . heres to building bridges .
well , it runs faster than java minecraft because it was written in c++ . what i wish to be able to do is mod it in a . net language . i hope microsoft allows for that . features : directip connect to servers , lanservers , realms , limited vs unlimited world sizes downloading this was problematic : i think there is a bit of server overload for the windows store because i had to try many times to download it . serious downside : you will be required to register for xbox live and be logged into xbox live to play .
can play with mcpes player pvp
everything has been cleared up . my kids and i play together on this game and have lots of fun .
this game allows me to enjoy the creative side of my person , as no other game has ever done . ive built some of the most amazing things . i would like one thing , tho . i would like , when i need an update , to be able to simply click update . . thats all . thanks ! for an awesome , awesome game ! : )
if you own the minecraft pc version , you can get this for free . works with mcpe worlds and is easy to get textures for . great app overall .
when i first came around to purchasing this game , i was expecting a cheaper game with the same support as javapc edition . i was also expecting the best servers for java edition such as hypixel , and i was sadly mistaken . i quickly realized that it was just a pe for the pc , which i already owned on a tablet . there were also no new original updates , and the servers were also for pe , which doesnt support the same servers as pc . basically just pe for pc . the only new thing was that you had to pay for anything additional such as skin and mashup packs , which have maps that a good building team could crush instantly . i just dont like the direction that minecraft has taken since windows took over , which i have heard others saying the same as me
its a great game where you can build beyond your imagination and i love how you can do basically anything and use it for youtube and make a living off of having fun !
got it as a freebie for owning the pc version (good on you ms) . runs great for the most part , still missing some main branch addins , but performance over the java version is way better . xbox app integration needs some work , and at least two issues i have noticed . app crashes if you alttab to another window after a few seconds , without fail , and theres no clean way to exit the app short of alt+f <num> , or clicking x . plus : achievements xbox integration runs much better than java minus : a few bugs still not as up to date overall , great for the fair price of free . <num> . <num>
i think the graphics of the game are amazing , but i have noticed a few differences from the current pc version . for starters , torches dont give off very much light at all , and the settings are still oriented to xbox . i play with the attackdestroy button and the place block button reversed , and i cannot find out how to switch that . also , the jump key will occasionally glitch , not allowing me to stop jumping . the game also freezes often . i do love the new look of the villager zombies , and the new graphics though .
beta is beta and thats ok but you should be able to interact with chests and crafting stations in creative and console commands need to be added . i love the sound track but at times it seems a bit to intense like im in a fight but im not . maybe they could add a combat theme . idk but its great so far keep up the good work . : )
on the regular version of minecraft i usually always changed the controls so that rightclick was my break and leftclick was the activation buttons but i cant in this game . its really messing me up and i would like it to be fixed . other than that the game is great so far (besides a few minor bugs) and i look forward to it in the future .
the colors and graphics and windows <num> are definitely superior , but since its set up like pocket edition , there are a lot of things you cant do which you can do in the old minecraft . this version definitely has potential , but to really be successful it needs to be able to do at least everything the old one could .
great work mojang on making minecraft : windows <num> edition beta closer every time to the java version , this game is really addictive and fun . thanks for all the hard work you guys into this ! : d
i really quite like the speed it runs at , much smoother than before . however it isnt recommended for anyone without windows <num> , since it will most likely crash as soon as you launch the game . but it is pretty much a polished version of the pocket addition so the ui is very big (unless you play this on a microsoft surface . in that case it should work to its fullest in terms of the ui) . but apart from that i think this version can grow into a nonlaggy smoother version of minecraft . unless you hate minecraft . in that case get out . sorry . but overall you should get this game since for now it should work on lowerend computers as long as you have windows <num> . now how do i go full screen ? (no really . how) ? also i love the new rowboats : p
thank you for the keyboard controllability it makes moving through the game much easier ! id love to be able to have photo realistic texture packs and skins added to the list of available recourse packs , along with command blocks since they improve the game by greatly adding to your creative abilities . also adding the ability to use the lightning bolt command as a decoration or maybe as a functional feature to a power system for a build or weapons system in game . and the ability to resize objects and items . and some way of contacting a live breathing support agent if needed for in game help and troubleshooting and tech support .
well , i think what should be in the <num> . <num> . <num> . <num> . <num> , mojang needs to add elytras , polar bears and the same thing the pc version to make mcpe , mc , and minecraft console edition to be more like the same , or just keep adding new items one by one , for example , the pc version doesnt have the observer in the <num> . <num> . <num> . <num> . <num> update of mcpe , i know that on android , mcpe has builds (for example , <num> . <num> . <num> build <num> , <num> . <num> . <num> wasnt finished when the build was released , but apple doesnt , they only get official <num> . <num> . <num> before <num> . <num> . <num> come out for new items or various bug fixes . i hope minecraft gets a little more creative in new update . i wait and wait for an update , but its not there for me , so i have the builds if no update , i hope someone comment about this saying that mojang needs to make new items in new updates like pc does , pc gets lots of items added than mcpe . but i still love this game , i used to have blocklauncher but it doesnt have a update , so i switched to mcpe master , its fun ! so plz enjoy
fun , simple , and a great way to pass time . i do wish and think it should be more touchscreen friendly . since i own a microsoft tabet .
it is super addicting because you never wanna stop crafting and building .
i like it , i give it <num> stars its a great fun game its connected to pocket edition but the texture packs are still coming to the pc windows <num> edition and pocket edition i cant wait till theres armor stands and llamas .
microsoft has done a fantastic job with this minecraft remake , it runs beautifully smooth on any hardware , has controller support , xbox live integration , and is just generally a great version of the game . ill likely still play the original for online since i can play crossplatform and run my own dedicated servers , but this is a great way to play single player or with realms without any setup or lag .
this will be a short review . i understand that this is just the beta version and that more features are going to be released . i do enjoy creative mode just for the sake of building whatever i like , and i like the survival and the huge , vast landscape that you can play in . i have been having lots of fun with this so far . i only have one issue with this version so far . i have no problem with setting blocks down when im moving , but when im building or attacking something , i have to be completely immobile in order to strike anything . this is a bit tedious and frustrates me a little , especially since i really enjoy speed and convenience .
version . <num> . <num> is out and its an improvement . hope they add more in the coming month or so .
the real version is beter but i like the part that i play whit my frends that they are in there mincraft pe
i love this game because you can do differnet kinds of stuff and when it updates it puts differnet kinds of things
this game is fun for all ages it makes kids feel happy and even though it is $ <num> it is so worth it
this version is amazing . it has cross play which is important . it is an extremely well optimized minecraft that is slowly catching up to java edition . one downside is that the amount of pew <num> e servers out there are very few . the ones that are out there have few few updated features . that being said , this is an awesome version overall to just play normal survival on .
a great and easy way to play with friends in different places , while it did take me some time to figure it out it was super fun to play with friends in our own homes .
this is actually surprisingly a decent version of the game . more updated than the console version anyway . however . my one major annoyance is the touch screen mode . im playing on a surface pro , and for the most part , the touch controls work fine . but theres some minor problems that irritate me a lot . for example , it uses the pc crafting menu , which is fine and all , but its not set up well for touch screen users . theres no easy way to pick up or drop a single item out of a stack , making crafting stupidly tedious . some kind of autocrafting menu like the console version or android version would be nice . at least as an option . or at the very least making picking up single items out of a single stack easier . another minor annoyance with touch screen controls , is that you cant manually move the controls around onscreen . the dpad is a bit too low . i keep getting to close to the bottom of the screen when i press down . you also cant disable autojump when touch screen mode is on .
can i download it for phones ? please help
great game fun to play with your family . creative and enjoyable to play .
minecraft has always been a game for the balls of eyes to enjoy . definitely worth every penny
well , this is a great game and all , but it doesnt have all of the things that the java version of minecraft has . and we cannot use mods (at least not yet . )in this version , or texture packs . yeah , sure , this game has bugs in it , thats what is expected from a beta , i get that . i also have one other problem in mind . multiplayer . mabey in the future we could use the minecraft xbox one edition andor minecraft xbox <num> edition servers on minecraft connected to the windows <num> edition of minecraft . isnt that a good idea ? mabey not . hmm . is that all . yup , i guess so . anyways , in conclusion , i think this game is great and all (mabey my ideas will not be included , but who knows ? ) and the fact that it is in beta version ? it is just fantastic . well , keep working on that game , and make us proud (wow , never typed for so long in my life except for school purposes . ) !
it is very challenging and fun . i really like the addon features , it gives the game a little more variety !
i think it is a great game , and i love how it can connect with pocket edition , but what i dont like about it is that it is too similar to classic computer edition , i think it needs something original , like maybe a boss , or a new realm . but if you ignore that , than it is a pretty good game ! (and by the way , for the people who think its too muck like pocket edition , it is pocket edition on computer ! )
once you start , it wont be easy to quit . this is an improving port of the pocket edition . worlds load almost instantly ! controller support builtin ! classic crafting only (so far) . infinite worlds and many more features on the way . one drawback is the addition of microtransactions such as buying skins , although for now , it supports getting your own custom skins . hint needs cloud saving for worlds , hint
i love minecraft but for some reason my windows <num> store is not letting me download the update its frustrating but i hope it gets fixed soon , either microsoft or minecraft , if you have found this problem as well just run updates on your computer and then restart it should click into place when that is done and allow you to play and update the windows store to better your game
it would make the game more enjoyable if we have leads saddles and horses .
i essentially love minecraft . it is an amazing experience to be a part of , and it helps me to calm my nerves . however , i am having a problem with it . it seems to have a crashing problem . i will be building something , then it crashes . when i manage to get back to the world i was building in , my structure has either disappeared of severely downgraded . but , like i said , i essentially love minecraft . theres just that issue .
in my opinion , it is the perfect combination of mcpc & mcpe . i really enjoy playing it . easy to use , very simple . all around a great addition to the minecraft line !
i love the game so much . there are so many endless possibilities ! you can build and create in both modes(pocket edition) , survival is hard but its awesome . creative mode is a lot easier , because i have easy access to a whole lot of items and can build whatever you like !
i love minecraft . i never thought i would until my friend got me addicted to it . since then i have been looking for a version to play on my tablet . since ive upgraded to windows <num> i have since then downloaded and have played it on my days off continuously . if i didnt know any better id say my boyfriend was a bit jealous of this game .
i love the touch screen controls . i have a tablet pc with windows <num> and i can play regular minecraft on it , but it is slow and i need to use a blue tooth keyboard and mouse with it . i have the regular version on my laptop , but i wanted a smaller , touch screen compatible version for my smaller tablet and this is perfect . this version has a great touch control set up and it is really easy to control . the sound doesnt always work on it though and i have to stop it and reload it to make it work . once that is fixed i will give it <num> stars . (updated to <num> stars now that sound seems to be fixed) also , it would be nice if it had all of the objects from the original version . its only missing a few that i have noticed so far so it is not a game killer for me , but i miss those items .
after playing for a while i changed my mind and this a pretty good game that i would recomend
i like this app . i only needs a little adjustment to fit the real minecraft software . plus , it works with pe servers and pe minecraft realms !
i love how it all fits toghether in my brain like if it was made for me <emoji>
well , minecraft is a very good game . i really like it a lot man . man u mojang people u r the best . but still in minecraft there are some lackings like u could add a few more animals more hd textures and new items and specially dual wielding in minecraft
this game was the experience of being in the wildlife . in a diffirent . and blocky simulation . create your dreamworld or make a house of your liking ! [without cement ! ] either discover the nether . fight diffirent creatures . or the challenging place of minecraft . the end . home of the ender dragon . this is where mostly endermen come from . create your dream world . or play with your mcpe friends . and make your likings out of creative mode . survive in the forest and from punching a tree to the happy ending in survival mode . the next page is yours .
updated (again)) : as said previously , this game runs wonderfully better than the traditional java version of the game , keeps most elements while doing so , and tops it off with multiple ways to play the game (touch , keyboardmouse , gamepad) . minus the frequent crashes , with the new updates the game has been having , the ui is now mostly migrated from the pocket editions elements , making the game feel much better . there is an instant switch between touchkeyboardgamepad , for when you press a button or preform an action the game instantly adjusts to what device you just used . this is useful for switching to a controller if you want to relax . now that i have an xbox <num> controller to play around with , using it with minecraft : windows <num> edition was almost flawless . the only thing i noticed that could be a possible downside was the sluggish inventory navigation , since crafting is a thing . sprinting was also difficult as it didnt have its own designated button . thats about it .
i like that as a new minecraft version it adds herds of animals which have at least three animals <num> adult an <num> babies it also has really good graphics and i used to want to play minecraft on windows and couldnt but now i can , but as i play later i find powered rails but the only way to power them is redstone torches which are not even in the game : and lots of other things are also missing like armor stands , but at least i can play it on my windows <num> computer : | and you cant place down redstone in creative
this is a brilliant first step in the future of minecraft . with the feedback system in place , this is sure to be a success , just like windows <num> . what it needs is a continuum feature like windows <num> also that adapts the ui to be more touch friendly for tabletsphones and then be more keyboard and mouse friendly for laptopsdesktops . if mod support and textureresource packs and almost all java features can be implemented then this is surely going to be one of the most successful games ever . (feedback : although xbox live integration is great and i love getting achievements in the action centre i do think offline access should be allowed as xbox live takes ages to actually log in when all you want to do is play ! xbox live is also blocked in school networks so kids cant play during lunchtime which isnt good . ) it does turn the fan on in my surface pro <num> which i was hoping this version wouldnt : (
i like the game , very fun and relaxing .
i love the game , it is very fun and time killing . the only problem i really have with the game is it crashes all the time now . i havent been able to play for quite a while , and i would like to play again .
this game works great on my laptop and desktop , and if it doesnt just change a few settings ! the cross platform multiplayer is always a great feature to have although not many games implement them . touch , keyboard , and controller support exist allowing for whatever is most comfortable for the player ! the only problem is the fact that it doesnt support splitscreen coop like the xbox version does , and with already including controller support , i feel kind of cheated .
just like pe , it is the same except for windows <num> and that really great because . <num> . compatible with mcpe , <num> . has pc gui . it is essentially mcpe but with pc gui ! hope you found this helpful : p !
this game does not disappoint . it is so relaxing and just a great game to play . this version of it is nearly , if not completely , caught up to the standard version . for the current price of $ <num> . <num> , it is a steal !
i like all the updates
its a lot of fun to play with my friends and family . the updates are frequent and add cool features .
i love the idea of being able to play with people if their on the pc or mobile device ! its awesome because my brother doesnt have a well working computer and we can play minecraft together ! but i dont like the fact the when you hit an animal with a pick the pickaxe disappears . hope this update stays , its amazing . really !
this game is great ! i love how i can set my own goals for the game and create whatever i want . very addictive ! the only problem im experiencing is that the game will often freeze and close on itself (usually when i look at my map) . im not sure if this is because of my pc or not , but ive seen other persons reviews explaining how they experience this same problem . other than that , well made and fun !
after the windows <num> creators update minecraft crashes on launch . i get the mojang logo , and then poof , nothing . all the drivers are up to date , the game is up to date , and zero help from microsoft . their solution is to do a clean install of windows <num> and then when that doesnt work , i am supposed to uninstall all my programs and then try reinstalling them one at a time until i find the problem . yeah , see , i have over <num> tb of games and programs on this machine and deleting them would require <num> hours of downloads to get them all back . thats twoandahalf weeks of letting my computer sit their and do nothing but download to fix a problem that i didnt have before the update screwed everything up . also , not a fan of how every time the game client updates i get giant chunks of my map moved around . nothing makes your jungle base look better than a <num> brick high , <num> brick long chunk of random biome where my farm used to be .
for being a clone of the mobile version , it is pretty fun to play . controller support is good . still needs work .
i like mojang very much but i dilike the traders
the lack of mods is disappointing but overall its well done and runs well on modest hardware . five stars if it ever gets mod support .
minecraft at its mehist . if you recently upgraded to win <num> on one of your phones this is easily a priority to pickup . win <num> edition is basically pocket edition ported over to the new ms os . the game runs a lot better than the original java version making it a viable substitute for underpowered laptops as well . it has a few drawbacks though . one the interface is meant for phones so dont expect sensible pc design but rather pudgy phonlet design . two you dont get some of the same freedoms that you can get with the regular java version . as far as i know there is no way of moding or skining this version of minecraft , and the windows store indicates there are or at least will be in app purchases so skins that you have to pay for . i havent tested everything in the game more of just skimmed to see if the other reviews are correct and indeed this just seems to be a mobile port for the time being .
really fun , lag free , and very inspiring . you can build essentially anything , and the pve is quite fun too .
i pay all most $ <num> bucks and when i got on it said unlock full game it sucks ! : ( : (
plz update it faster to <num> . <num>
run smooth on my bad computer i wish it had end
실행시 설정을 누르면 나가지고 , 게임도중 백색화면이 나오고 , 블루스크린이 뜨는 등 . 여러가지 이상한 현상이 나타나네요 . 알파 출시때에는 고쳐주시기 바랍니다 .
its the best ! i have tried the trial but its only <num> minutes . but ! im using my microsoft points to exchange into money for the game : ) its the best ! thank you microsoft rewards for this option and i love minecraft thanks mojang : d
i like this game but it is missing my favorite decoration : armor stands . never mind they just added them !
this game runs fine on my pc when it runs . a few months back it stopped working with no explanation . i click on the icon , the splash window comes up briefly before the program crashes . it worked briefly after i did a graphics card update , only to stop working again within hours . there is no fix that i could find on the mojang website or anywhere else on the net . id give this a <num> if the thing would actually work .
it runs so smoothly and every single update makes it better . good job !
the controls worked fine for me and the game ran perfectly normally (i <num> <num> hq and <num> m) , menus look like theyd work fine with touch (i was using mouse and keyboard) . a few things are inconsistent with the pc version that seem interesting : selecting blocks from the creative menu gives <num> rather than one and you slow down far more quickly in creative flight compared to the pc version . also , quitting the game should be more intuitive . the windows <num> fullscreen app system is relatively new to the average user (me) and at first glance you cant see any way to quit the game correctly until you try to move the mouse to the top (hopefully an easy fix) . aside from that the game is quite playable and the world export feature is very nice .
it is a little behind the java version but frequent updates get it closer and closer . the performance and view distance of the game is super ! way better than the java version . i love the cross play with the mobile versions . a few more updates and this will be my favorite minecraft version . aah , who am i kidding . it already is !
it runs well , less laggy , and enjoyable . its easy to use and understand . its incredibly cool , so glad it works . so fun , i love it !
i havent been able to play this game in ages and it is finally back in my life . i think this is a great game for all ages . and it is an amazing use creativity you can build almost anything accept for round things with a smooth surface lol . and now since it has been updated we now have sea creatures like squids i cant remember anything else in the in the sea but still cool . bottom line you should definetely download this app it will change how you use your creativity
the game is great . i love it . performance is awesome . but where is the ability to pause ? i came from the pc version . whenever i want to pause the game to leave and do something , i hit the escape button . sometimes i do this in this game without realizing it and when i come back , i have died . i cant work out why it has to be like this . im getting used to just quitting to the main menu , but why is this a thing in the first place ? its so annoying .
this version , while it has less content than the original minecraft , runs much better than its previous counterpart . despite the lack of modding support , and the fact that it is essentially minecraft pocket edition on a computer , for people that dont have strong computers (like me) and cant run the original minecraft , this version is much more likely to be able to run at full speed .
the team behind minecraft for windows <num> (minecraft pocket edition) has been listening to user feedback , and the results are paying off . graphics are more fluid then the java (original) version , and frame rate is good even on a tablet . i wish they would support external minecraft servers or even realms . maybe soon ?
im sure there are bugs ive not run into yet , however thus far the conversion to c++ has been fine . (and more secure than java , i might add . ) the cross platform play is something that many gamers have been asking for in many games for some time now , so that is a huge plus . i love the multiple options for controls being a gamer on both pc and console , i love the easy access of keyboardmouse while playing on my laptop while still being able to kick back with an xbox <num> controller when i hook the laptop up to my tv . overall , im happy that i migrated to the new win <num> beta so far keep it up ms !
great game with so many possibilities . i have been playing this game hours upon hours its so good and its even better with friends .
i am so happy there are all these updates ! minecraft pewindows <num> is so much more fun and interesting . i am so grateful for all the new features !
what i love is that this games world looks amazing , or at least it looks way better than it did before . what i dont like it the interface . the original interface looks far better and more organized than the microsoft one , but its still a better world so i dont mind it that much so long as microsoft fixes that bad interface .
it is really good but the only problem is i think resource packs should be free like on pc but a question i have is are we gonna be able to go on servers soon or in a later update ?
i love the fact that you can create almost anything and make large oceans of water yourself . i wish that they had smaller sizes for blocks , outer space , and more variety of items that could be crafted . the blocks are to big to be realistic and you cant do very much with them if you are being specific in the craft , but other than that its a great game . i recommend it to others .
so you look at it , and its missing quite a few things . but it runs amazingly well on my desktop , and playable on my lousy laptop . : ) will it ever replace the java version ? maybe not , but it gives a great playable version to the masses . just remember that as of me writing this , its a beta and not finished , and you can easily understand any niggling issues with it .
enjoying the new updates . my daughter requests a rideable unicorn !
i like how they manage to keep the old aspects of the minecraft and yet bring it to a whole new level of fun .
they have added so much but the game still needs more weapons and mounts . im really impressed with what they are doing and have done but please add more . it is <num> dollars after all
like the gameplay but the game constantly crashes and freezes . if that get fixed i would rate <num> stars . but overall it is an enjoyable game .
i love this game , especially how you can cross platforms . i would give this <num> stars if i could . this game is extra awesome since the <num> . <num> . <num> update came out . thanks so much for this update mojang ! keep it up !
this is not the equivalent of the java version of the game , it is a port of pe so you are able to play with pe players as long as you are on the same wifi . when it says xbox live multiplayer , that does not mean that you can play with people on their xbox , it means that if someone has an xbox account , you can play with them on windows <num> , not xbox <num> one . if you have a friend with this game , that means you can play together on the computer . the only cross play option is with pe . your java doesnt go void when you claim your windows <num> edition . you obviously need an xbox account to play multiplayer . and finally remember it is in beta , so it will be mildly buggy , and is incomplete . they are most likely working on an update to this game to make it a little bit more practical and entertaining . if you ask me it is worth it . the <num> star reviews are people not knowing what they are doing .
this game is definitely worth buying its great you can build your dream house in creative or survival . you could also just adventure and explore new biomes and get new companions such as wolves and cats . my only compliant is that in the update you cant ride the zombie horses or the skeleton horses and there isnt a variety of colors that you can get when you tame a wolf .
i used to play minecraft since <num> . many features were added since those days . this game is addictive , beautiful graphics , and its really the best game i have ever played ! i have the original pc edition , windows <num> edition , pocket edition and ps <num> edition , and when the xbox one x comes out , ill have the xbox one edition .
love the game but i please make maps a craftable item ! i was so bummed after working hard to get all the necessary materials that its not something you can make in this version . exploring would be a lot more fun if i didnt have to worry about getting lost , even if i do now have a compass . otherwise i do enjoy it a lot . being able to jump between tablet mode and pc is really great .
minecraft is so much fun , doesnt matter what your age is . a friend shared this game with me years ago so seeing the changes and new content over time is exciting and allows for more creativity yet stays true to its pixels . the only bug so far is not being able to simultaneously change direction while flyingwalking at random times , like dino crisis , you have to adjust your direction before moving . still love it .
this game is great on its own already , but after they remade it for windows <num> , it is truly amazing . runs so smooth and im so happy for that !
this is the best game for our family and we are absolutely enjoying the recent activity on the game . we have <num> pcs and <num> tablets with this game and i would compare this to legos but on steroids . i highly recommend for kids that need to stretch their imaginations !
touch controls are hard to use at times , but it supports controllers and keyboardmouse also . performs better than java based version on the same hardware . i have always been a fan of the game and have played it on almost all platforms ! highly recommended , and very addicting !
love the game play and it runs great , besides a few force closes . the issues i had previously had was fixed by a supportive staff member . game runs smooth . cant wait to see what they update .
minecraft windows <num> is definitely the best minecraft platform ! i was always dreaming about a minecraft that shows up on the start screen , and here it is ! i can finally play minecraft without worrying about all the . minecraft folder nonsense about needing to download so many things ! i can only ask some changes to be made as this will catch up to pc and xbox editions . first , i want to ask that chests have the same interface as the pc and xbox . another is that i want there to be commands like in the pc . that way , you could make mini games . i love how it can crossplatform with the pe (although the pe isnt updated yet) . it says <num> stars but ill give it <num> stars . plus , the touch screen controls are so reliable . i like how many features the pc has , but it is often slow and crashes servers a lot . the xbox is easy to do parkour with , but has problems with controls . the pe is annoying with only touch screen and small buttons . therefore , the w <num> edition is the best edition ! (deborahs son) : )
super enjoyable , fun to play , and very creative
all of the stuff added since minecraft came out is , for the most part , amazing . one of my few complaints is with how controlling horses has been changed its awful . if i wanted my horse to steer like one of those atvs in halo then i would go play halo . that was something that did not need to be changed , but now it needs to be changed back . also all of the colors and biomes meshing together makes reading a map impossible because unless youre looking for the desert . good luck telling anything apart . <num> would purchase minecraft for $ <num> when it first released again .
the game is a bunch of fun but still has the issue where it says the demo has run out even though you have paid for it . you just need to click on purchase and it will let you play again but it is annoying . update , this problem has been solved .
i dont like that only <num> people can join you
mojang your game is the best game i have ever played and i want to tell you that your game is starting to grow a lot and i want you to improve your game .
i like the villages animals and blocks ! i wish that it had citys that could spawn in the worlds . but if you like building anything out of blocks than you will love minecraft .
this is just terrible . it is based off pocket edition , but not as good as pocket edition . currently , this is basically worthless . a few major annoyances : the mouse sensitivity is through the roof , making the game unplayable . changing your name costs money . you are forced to log into an xbox live account , and forced to pay money if you want to change your name . no real fullscreen . it looks like they want to sell you skins through this app . feature list is the same as pocket edition , but not complete . right now avoid this like the plague . some part of me knew microsoft would screw this up . i was naïve and hopeful , though , which just leaves me more upset . also good luck dealing with microsoft account recovery if you havent yet . updating this review just to say that all these problems still exist . this version of minecraft is still terrible .
this is an awesome game . ive been having some crashes at startup , but it is easily fixed by hitting the minimize button before the mojang logo disappears .
great game cant wait for the redstone to come in
<num> update : its still broken . <num> when i open up this game it brings me to a screen with a play button , which i click and it bring up a new window that tells me i need to log into a xbox live account ? it wants me to agree to some terms by clicking next but when i click next it just reloads the same page telling me to press next . cant even play the game so this is pretty awful .
i love this game when i heard about the better together update i was so exted
i love to play this game all the time , it lets you funnel out our creativity , being allowed to makebuild pretty much anything your heart desires . it does not lag or crash for me anymore and the new blocks are a great addition ! but i must ask . when are you going to add stained glass ? amazing game , would play forever . ^o^
love the game but i wish there where more feature like in the computer ver like armor stand , i would like to have an armor stand and id like tto be able to download my own texture packs like the computer ver . other than having more features this is great : )
its a wonderful game well worth the price i paid for it i hope to see an update whereas we can trade with the villagers like in the console versions other than that its a great game
its identicle to minecraft pocket edition in almost every way . it is not the java version so do not expect to be able to install any kind of mods or having clothing layers (yet) . aside from being a slightly inferior version to the java version it does boast great stability in contrast . the integration of xbox live makes this title much easier to get into with friends but be warned : you will not have massive server population like in the java version . i believe this version only supports up to <num> players on one server . its a good price for a good game but until it acquires more functions to match up to the java version you are to expect a slightly limited playing experience . despite that i highly recommend this version of the game if you want stability and you dont mind vanilla gameplay .
this game is amazing judging by its great interior , and its only in beta ! you can play multiplayer with this amazing software and it is easily able to be entertaining game . i am a proud customer to purchase this item .
first off , this game is free for anyone who owns the pc version of minecraft so youre going to download it anyway . its good now . play this version for vanilla mc
best game for kids and also for me . great source of knowledge helps me exploring world
it appears that microsoftmojang has discovered and fixed the auto crash bug that was keeping this from opening consistently . fun to play , but im unable to see the realm that im already a member of . great improvements , but still room to grow .
i love the way it lets you relax and build what u want . i all ways play this game . wither its pc or pe . i play this game all day every day when i can . its awesome if you havent played this experience the creative building and doing what ever you want ! sincerely , ashley d .
dont get conned by the windows store , this isnt some new and improved version of mc for windows <num> . this is literally just minecraft pe with a fancy new title for more than <num> x the price . save yourself the trouble and just get normal minecraft .
my minecraft windows <num> wont load its been like this for a few weeks now but i would like to tell you why <num> starts thats because it hasnt been loading and if i uninstall it ill have to at again right but if i dont then ill uninstall and re install if you could please respond to this asap great game very active and fun i play it every day when i can but today it did work ( <num> )(~kittygamer <num> xx
i love minecraft , but i hate that you cant mod this version . can someone tell my why all my worlds go corrupt at some point ? i have enough space for several worlds , after a couple hours at most of playing , a world goes corrupt and i lose everything , so i have to export and reload every few minutes , and even then its still as bad .
but the <num> . <num> . <num> for windows <num> have so many bugs , them need to be fixed .
fantastic game . looks much better than the original pc edition . there are a few glitches that need working on though . for one , double chests can be placed right next to each other , no trap chests needed (not that im complaining about that . ) another is chests do not open when there is a slab or stair block right above them . with trees , vines seem to stay suspended in mid air even right after i destroy the entire tree . and (minor bug) if i use the scroll wheel on my mouse to switch between items , every time i mine a block , it switches from my diamond pickaxe to whatever slot it was on before i switched back to the diamond pickaxe . its really weird , however , knowing you mojang , you will fix this issue . i still rate <num> though . : d
i enjoy playing minecraft , but im pretty much never able to because it crashes every time i try to play . will someone fix it , because i love minecraft and want to play .
the purchase screen said it was compatible with xbox one and would begin downloading , but it never did . very disappointed in this garbage version of minecraft , i already have the original pc version and only wanted this one for the xbox .
downloaded this onto my surface pro (i <num> gb ram <num> gb storage) and it runs like a champ ! i never had the original pc version , but i play the xbox <num> xbox one versions quite a bit . my only wish is to give us the option to use the same crafting scheme as the xbox no recipes to remember and quicker to craft items ! thanks for the xbox <num> controller support woohoo ! by the way , i bought this with xbox rewards money it was a free game for me ! woohoo !
addicted fun to play i cant craft some items and i need them really wish i knew how to fix it
i love how it is similar to pocket edition , and older versions of the computer version !
i know im not the first to say this , but this reminds me of when i played minecraft before all of the fancy updates and multiplayer came out . its managed to capture that feeling of intense planning combined with long stretches of peaceful creation .
i love this version of the game , its very stable and fast . but the ui still sucks . i think the ui needs just a bit more polish . also just a ton of little things from the java edition would make the game that much better .
i love how there is now a minecraft where i can play with friend over xbox live . what i dont like , is how there arent a lot of updates coming out ; would you please launch some more updates so i can play a more current version with my friends , please ? i am a big fan of minecraft , and this is a good way to play with friends , without paying for realms every <num> + months (note : the earlier versions of minecraft : windows <num> edition beta balances it all out) . all in all , i love the <num> edition beta , and good job and keep up the good work ! from my house to the microsoft hq , thank you for the work , and keep going . ps : randomly , my windows button andor game menu randomly comes up . this could be just be me , but who knows , right ? please fix this somehow .
i loved it , its a great app very easy to get and i can affored it , the only problem is i can get mods . please add mods to your store .
i sometimes play minecraft pe with my friends , but since the androidioswindows phone version is not easy to play , i rarely use it on my phone . now i can play with my friends , on my pc , even though they are on a mobile phone , and be at <num> fps and beat others on pvp because im using a mouse ! : d . <num> . this is minecraft pe ported to pc , and i love it : ) ★★★★★ out of ★★★★★
i love this game i dont see anything wrong with it . i would rate it <num> stars but a lot of new players are getting confused and thinking this is minecraft : java edition and they are getting ripped off when they couldve gotten the version they were looking for and this ! new players who are reading this make sure to buy minecraft : java edition off of mojangs site dont buy this one
its a wonderful time waster , and it runs really smoothly . i only have one issue , but i dont know if its because of the game or my surface . occasionally some stuff such as item counts and the crafting menu will remain imprinted on the screen , even after i close the application . it goes away once i close and open my surface again , though . its not a major issue , just slightly annoying .
i really wish that there was an actual save button for offline playing . twice now ive left my game and it didnt save almost <num> hrs worth of work and it is rather frustrating . otherwise it is an awesome game though more features from pc version would fantastic .
while the speed and boats saw improvements , the gui and item selections saw downgrades . the gui is harder to navigate due to is layout and functionality is based more for a tablet than a win <num> pc . the graphics are a bit smoother , the game renders a little faster , and boats are actually usable (they were tricky to operate in the pc version) . one thing i miss is the variety of blocks and the ability to add mods that were in the pc version . it would also be nice to import my favorite minecraft pc world in to the win <num> ed . i also think having a variety of locked skins that cost $ . <num> each to unlock is a little tacky . i have it installed , and i wont uninstall it , but i probably will wait for it to improve dramatically before picking it up again . in all fairness , if i had a win <num> tablet , and was sitting in a waiting room somewhere this would probably be a good distraction . since i have a pc that is relatively powerful however , this edition seems like a step backward .
ditching java is the best thing to ever happen to minecraft . the game is in beta and has some catching up to do , but once its on par with the win <num> version in terms of features this is definitely going to be the version of choice .
i actually dont have the complete version yet , but its been really fun and making me want to buy it . overall its super fun and cant wait until i can get multiplayer ! and then ill blow up everything with tnt ! but i really wish there were command blocks ! i hope mojang fixes this but overall its a great game ! (also i have the game now) p . s . it turns out that blowing up stuff with tnt makes people angry so i kinda stopped doing it . i just really hope that the game gets another game update with command blocks ! because if this game finally gets command blocks . i would love the game so much ! but sadly , there arent command blocks which is unfair since some minecraft versions have them but <num> . <num> . <num> doesnt ! sigh . i really super duper hope that mojang makes another update . the update came on <num> and im so happy ! but now the only thing that would be cool is to have it updated to <num> . <num> . <num> because i found out it has a bunch of awesome things .
<num> : after a wile you wont be able to type in chat or in a sign <num> : the mouse curser will pop up <num> : this is not a issue but i would like to see more people in a lan world allowed like <num> or <num> . <num> : when i drop something it will be vary small like a bottle of xp will be small and not the normal size . but everything else is fine you should get it i really enjoy playing it well some times i would get mad
i hope in the future , because of all the performance improvements , microsoftmojang decide to add city guards (knights , archers , generals) simply because it would be awesome during massive zombie sieges and when you are away from a city , to have guards protecting it if you roll solo . im hopeful about them adding stuff like that in the future , because right now the best defense we have are iron golems , and they seem to like to zone out and ignore some of the fighting . another issue with the golems is if they arent set to defend the village ( spawn from it ) they like to wander off and not return to defend . and during player warfare in online mode when it arrives , who doesnt want to build castles and hire guards to help you lay siege to defend a castle ! i really like all the new performance updates and such . all the new graphics look amazing , and i have a lot of villagers to tend to because i found a pretty large village .
as far as content is concerned , this port of minecraft is interoperable with the pocket edition (unless youre running a version of pe older than ~ <num> . <num> ) . because its written in c++ , this version of minecraft runs quite smoothly on old <num> st generation i <num> cpus (like the <num> m) and even older core <num> duo cpus . ive even gotten good results on an atom cpu in a stream <num> tablet by hp . id like to see this kind of performance in a version that would interoperate with the javabased minecraft . all that said , its pretty rocksolid for a beta and i havent encountered any glitches or erratic behavior to speak of other than one where the game displays the mojang splash screen and then it quits without giving any error message on my dell e <num> laptop running windows <num> x <num> (even after a clean reinstall) . aside from that , i have no complaints and my only request is the ability to have parity with the java version & the ability to connect to servers .
this is a great game everyone should play it
i like windows <num> pocket editions and all but one of the good things is that it isnt as laggy as the other version for the pc(weli know why) . but i am waiting for future updates . so i can trade with the villagers and all that . hopefully for adding the mods can be a lot easier to do for this version . also when you pen in animals and you go far away or even sometimes leave the game and come back , the animals are gone . i wish there was a way to keep them and not have to have one sitting to get , breed , and then slaughter all the animals . it would be too long of time to do so .
pls add the of fps on settings ok !
awesome new blocks , super cool game !
this is a great idea to allow crossplatform gaming ! i love it !
this is an incredibly smooth running almost bug free game . and probably one of the bests , if not the only best , app on this app store .
after disconnecting my microsoft account & trying to install while on my local account (on the pc itself) it finally installed . simple port of pocket edition . ambitious , but they need ui improvements asap !
i honestly expected something more like the xbox one version of mc considering this will be cross plat . i was very wrong . its the pocket version . there is nothing else to it . i cannot recommend this because as i have always thought , the pocket edition shouldnt even be consuming developer time . they should be putting this effort into the actual versions of the game . this version is basically a playable trailer of the real thing , so to speak . you get the minecraft mechanics and thats about it . i cannot see myself recommending this game , in fact i can see my self doing the opposite . telling people to not bother wasting their time . my copy of mc cost <num> bucks . ive been playing since <num> . this might appeal to the kids and casual players , but for a player like me , waste of time .
when i try to install it , i get an error .
dont get me wrong , i like this edition . it runs so much more better than the java version of the game and looks better as well . but , you can clearly see it was designed for mobile devices . like what is this mojang ? you havent even touched the setting when porting it from the mobile version , we cant even change the key layout and many more things . i hope mojang will fix the entire menu and setting which is a mess at the moment (and fix the super laggy inventory) and add features which are missing , and there are lots of them as opposed to the java version , and hopefully add some more graphics options for those of us with more powerful pcs . not to mention that we cant even change our name (im stuck with the username i was using on xbox <num> years ago when i created my microsoft account) . and it bugs and tells me to buy the game when i already activated it . otherwise , i like this port , but theres a looong way to go . until then , i only give <num> stars .
so far so good , not a real competitor to the java version yet , no mod support , etc . hope those features come in the future ! (people kinda predicted a windows only version lol) . i seem to be getting some slight input lag , <num> ms , just noticeable . i have high hopes for this , considering microsoft has resources that mojang could only dream of . dont f it up . im talking to you . microsoft . (that means no micro transactions)
when i loaded up the game it was kinda exiting . its linked to your microsoft account , which is a cool feature meaning i could possibly play with my friends platforms and have the game linked to my xbox account along with built in controller compatibility . however upon delving into the options menu , and playing a few minutes of it , i can tell you its not ready for pc . first of all , there is very little to graphics customization . second , i can only assume the game runs smoothly because the frames are locked at (what i can only guess at because there is no way to access a counter) substantially below <num> frames with no option to turn it up . third is the fact that pc players are not going to play something in which they have to pay for texture packs or skins when they can just as easily do so for free in the other version . if any developers are reading this review , i implore you to at least put in the minimum amount of graphical tweaking that and <num> fps that is standard on pc .
its so much fun its my number one favorite ! i cant stop playing ! some of my favorite things are mining and crafting ! ive played it before and its awesome ! i like survival but creative is fun too i use it to build houses and make towns and stores , librarys , it passes time and its much more enjoyable then other games ever made !
totally fun game for all ages , gives a challenge when wanted so you can see what level you want your monsters to be on or if you want any monsters . super fun game for all ages and cant wait or them to add horses .
this is a great start for minecraft in windows <num> ! i would give it <num> stars already , except for the lack of mashups , texture packs , skins and especially new worlds . if i could have rated it with <num> stars , i would if they would bring out more positive addons that also teach history or inspire imagination in a person . please keep up the great work and bring us , especially the multiplatform owners that want the addons and extras we enjoy on xbox , now on windows <num> .
very nice . the animation seems fast and smooth and the interface reminds me of the pocket edition .
i like this game or version of this minecraft because the version is so friendly .
i screamed when i saw that horses were added . now i can own my own horses , and travel much faster !
not the full p . c . experience but a pretty good game . very simple to use and mod like p . c . and also works with pocket edition multiplayer with the easy and intuitive p . c . controls .
sometimes for some reason my entire creative menu just disappears for some random reason and stays gone for hours sometimes . it also crashes a lot more often too . however it is very fun to play as well . i just wish that you would add the dualwielding for weapons and include shields as well . i would also appreciate if you could please add a legitimate hardcore mode and if that would happen i would rate minecrfat windows <num> edition (if i could) <num> + stars . the gameplay is amazing , millions of people have downloaded it and enjoyed having a good time on solo missions and with their friends . i would also appreciate if you would add armor stands and also a spectator mode as well . to sum it up now : the new update has some glitches so please fix that , please add shields and a proper dualwielding system along with a hardcore mode , and lastly its just a great game in general . i would also appreciate if you would reply to comment and tell me what the new update will have so thanks !
so far so good . i played on the xbox previously and finally sprang for the pc version . it doesnt lag unless im handling other tasks on my other monitors . my only big disappointment is that saves cant be shared between different computers without physically copying the files and moving them over . supposedly there is a dropbox hack for this but the fact that the game doesnt allow for cloud saves is kind of a letdown .
dont play much of minecraft but still enjoyed playing this . i dont know if it beats the legit $ <num> dollar version but still great . and cross play is beautiful . way to go microsoft !
its a good piece of most of the great features of minecraft . i personally feel cheated that you have to pay for resource packs . the lack of the end dimension is ok and i am still waiting for the inclusion of command blocks . other than that its just slightly behind on features and sadly doesnt have the quizconnectivity bug in redstone , but thats ok for the most part with the inclusion of the observer . tl : dr=ok , but some stuff missing or not as good .
i love this game but i wish you didnt have to pay for it because now i played the trial and im addicted to it but i keep getting the the end of the trial and it jut a bummer to loose all the stuff i built and collected : _(
i dont like the animals and the updates . i love them ! so i want a new update so that way we have stained glasspanes . so maybe if you just . also get like , in the next update you can just . go ahead and . maybe leave a tutorial on how to install mods ? i really need help with that . >_< : | other wise , i luv it !
i love how this game is so creative and lets the mind lose . also it is a great way to socialize with friends and to create more friends . but now when ever i try to get into the game it wont let me join . if you fix i would appritieate so much ! thx ! : ) < <num>
i love this game ! it is so fun but challenging to survive . a new update happened and its amazing ! if you love this game give it <num> stars (p . s . it is <num> d , so , if you dont like <num> d dont get it) !
i love playing this game with my little nephew , its easy to play multiplayer , easy to play period . love playing it alone and with others , its fun and i love how i can broadcast it .
at least when im writing this it was , $ <num> . <num> , great price . i could of sworn it was on steam a long time ago . must have changed when microsoft bought it , but nothing has changed about the game . still addictive and fun !
we want to play the same game as the world , instead of netease minecraft . please bring back our favorite minecraft . a chinese player
i am having the same issue as alishia . really like playing the game , however just a couple of days after purchasing the full version , and playing it almost constantly ; it suddenly decided yesterday that i didnt have the full version . now it will only pull up trial version . please fix or refund my money . the game is fun and addictive .
when can we transfer our xbox worlds to pc , or mcpe viseversa ? without realms :
im not necessarily the biggest minecraft fan out there , but this game seems very built , and moving away from the lousy java version was the best thing microsoft could have done . keep it up ! update : i have been playing more minecraft lately , for xbox one and pc , in addition to w <num> , and although they have a lot more features right now , i think that this version has the greatest potential , since it is a universal app . im sure microsoft is working to bring more features to this version , we just have to be patient .
update to <num> stars : some combination of computer and game updates means i can play now ! : ) its slow and a little glitch , but thats beta for you . if i could remap my movement controls on my keyboard id give you <num> stars . being right handed , i dont like the movement keys being locked to the left side of my keyboard . id love to be able to map the movements to my number pad . <num> star review : if i could play , id rate you . i got the trial and it opened just fine , but when i saw it had only <num> minutes of game time i decided to just buy it . closed the app , went to the store , bought it , never able to open it again . i can see the mojang logo all day , but thats it . hurray , lol .
i love minecraft but this edition needs work . for example there is no server support and the design is from minecraft pocket edition ! please change the layout and please add server support . thanks for listening
i enjoy playing minecraft with my oldest daughter . this version makes it easy . just wish it had more options . still a great start ,
its fun and enertaning for all ages
pistons , command blocks , pc commands like gamemode or spawnpoint , the ability to sign into your minecraft account , and compatibility with pc and xbox servers . that is all this game needs , make it happen mojang . other than that , good game . sincerely , cnugent <num> (mrthrall) .
fun game just wish it had everything the real version has .
love the llama update^ <num> ^ game play and love the game should add more animals to the game .
good . xbox login doesnt appear to be working properly . other than that though , works kind of smoothly(froze on multiplayer(from my wifi) while pvping) . hope you guys can fix the xbox login glitch .
cannot play it on hololens . the progress bar is still rolling
the app was working perfectly before last update , i updated like a week ago and since yesterday it was working good , now i cant even open the app , i start it and after <num> min of wait in the mojang logo the app crashs , i didnt give it a bad star review because is a good game and i love it but right now im not happy because of this bug . please fix it . another thing is there are random texture bugs in the game , like you can see trough the blocks and see caves and underground stuff and also there is a bug in the sky in the afternoon and at night if you look in to a specific direction the sky will become complete black and the stars and clouds will disappear . i will try reinstalling the game if it doesnt work i will send mojang an email .
its an awesome game and has tons of stuff in it . i just wish it stopped freezing every single time i play ! its so frustrating ! could you plz try to fix that ? and update it to <num> . <num> . that would make my day , thanks ! ; )
my only complaint would be that i cant carry over from my <num> or ps <num> . i got both copies a couple years ago , actually it was right after minecraft ps <num> edition came out , and i played the heck out of em . i have worlds with so much progress id love to be able to port over but cant . still fun game though .
craches on the mojang logo . even in the newest version .
aside from all the bugs and numerous performance issues , if you can handle all that the game is literally crack(addicting) . its a lot of fun with friends even solo . exhilerating , but this game crashes just about everyother game if not all . thankfully you can rejoin . usually by that time , your dead it takes like <num> + minutes . gg you can get lucky sometimes if in a good spot . biggest beef is the crashing by far everything else is annoying but not game breaking . it was expected . im confident work is being done , be patient theres no wonder why this game has <num> million copies sold and going strong still . it is a lot of fun ! if the performance doesnt get too you buy it . if so wait till it improves . update : crashes less now since patch , but still terrible performance and buggy as all hell !
game is good . its not perfect and still in development .
game crashes every time i start a match . if someone doesnt kill me before it boots back up , its a lot of fun .
poor controls and framerate make pubg challenging to play and enjoy . i want to like this game . plays like a bad fps from <num> years ago . should have been $ <num> .
first off , just bc a game is in early access and has a $ <num> price tag doesnt mean you can get away with the multitude of issues . this game is enjoyable and fun , especially with friends , but otherwise its an absolute mess . the fps is consistently low , the pop in is awful , the overall graphics and textures are that of <num> generations ago , the button layout is subpar , the game constantly crashes , and the aimingshooting mechanics are infuriating . i get its early access , but it still shouldnt be this poorly ported , and shouldnt be heavily marketed to trick unaware casuals and parents into sales , as that can be problematic . i do enjoy it and am patient for future updatesfixes , but i still have to give my honest <num> cents in the present . if you dont care about bugs and enjoy having fun then try this game . otherwise wait for a few updates .
first off , this is not pc , with that said its still just a preview , which means unfinished . the controls take a few games to get used to , but easily learnable on the go . some minor glitches , minor lag , nothing game breaking . its worth the $ <num> because it will improve .
you should fix the way we customize our characters . for ex i pressed a button thinking i was choosing a style , instead im stuck with the basic looking character
so far ive played <num> games and got far no crashes yes the graphics tend to take its time to load but its fine
if u turn off game dvr under settings>preferences>capturing and broadcasting you will notice a gigantic increase in the consistency of your framerate and will notice less crashes . you do lose the availability to stream and record but i think its worth the trade . try it out !
the best battle royal by far .
let me start off by saying i know the game is not complete or perfect on xbox . the game crashes and glitches can be frustrating and maddening at times . that being said , the battle royale concept is great . getting to the top <num> makes your heart race , and getting to the final few is a feeling ive never felt in another game . its beyond exhilarating . i love the combination of fps and survival . im glad i bought this and would buy it again .
this is a game preview its going to have bugs . it will be fixed in time . so give it a chance at full release . it has potential .
just look how ark survival started and what it is today huge difference , preview you take the bad with the good if you cant except that then what for full game or you should have waited dumb to complain on unfinished game
the gameplay for this game is really fun and addicting but some controls have a hard time working such as picking up team mates . crashing is much less than before when it first came out and disabling captures helps with processing on a standard xbox one . (settings>preferences>captures and broadcast) actions also do not seem very quick to do or change such as picking up items , opening doors , or changing car seats to name a few . cameras are jittery in cars and could use a little smoother motion .
i bought this for the one x despite reading negative reviews saying it was nearly unplayable . i think it runs perfectly fine for an early access game . i’ve disconnected one time and the only time there is lag or frame rate issues is before the match and when you land . i haven’t tried it on the standard xbox one but i have heard the problems are much worse on it . as the game gets updated and optimized this will be a must buy for any fan of the genre and i would recommend it now to any xbox one x owners in a heart beat . in game the only difficulties are learning the controls but a quick view before playing is all i needed to compete but i still have to fine tune some aspects of the controls still . overall i have no regrets about purchasing the game . update : after a recent patch the game runs better than ever on both xbox one and one x . this game is just getting better and better !
im loving the game . aside for the occasional lag here and there . also i dont really like how slow you earn battle points , and how much bp it takes to change how you look . also please lower the bp needed to get a reward crate . its <num> , <num> just to get one now . leave it at like <num> , <num> . but other than that , solid game . please hurry up with the update so theres less lag and more maps . lol .
gun play is fun but its laggy . also it crashes alot ive only gone one with out a crash . so go in with a open mind and youll have fun go in thinking its finished and youll pull your hair out .
this is a game preview ! it will have bugs . it will crash . they are working and updating to make it better . dont get mad when you pay for a game preview and it crashes . be supportive , and understanding . if you encounter errors , go to their forums and let them know the issues you have . leaving <num> star reviews just because it crashed is childish . rate on the gameplay and the fun you have while it is working . think of this as an alpha test , just open to whomever supports them by buying the game preview . the gameplay is fun . love the option to run around in vehicles , grab backpacks to carry more , and being able to loot other players . if your in a squad , a microphone is highly recommended . i have had alot of fun with random people , even with the game crashing for them and me . alot of times you can load right back into the match , and if you have a good squad to keep you alive , get right back into the action . i am excited and cant wait to see their finished project . <num> stars ! keep it up ! <emoji>
this game is a little choppy but overall its very very fun and its only going to get better !
loving it . its a game preview game so its not perfect . still very fun . amazing graphics on x <num> x . really recommend it . if u like fortnite .
framerate needs improvement , aim needs alot of fine tuning . even pc players that can run this on ultra settings dont because its easier to see players with foilage set to very low and other settings on medium . after playing with inventory system i can say it works but not as fast as drag and drop . rubberbanding after jumping out the plane and after landing is there and an all too familiar issue from pc . vaulting is a great addition , some new guns are nice . since this is early access i will be continuing to play since playing on pc bluehole has always been updating the game at a steady pace . if your a first timer to this game then it will be a bad first impression . for people like myself who played on pc , this is what we dealt with on that early access launch . overall the game is fun but lots of optimization is ahead of us .
pubg on xbox is alright . the ui is good , controls are good for my preference . there are some things that should be fixed . first is the crashing . it happens every couple games and can be annoying , i understand the game is in preveiw and needs fixes . <num> nd is rendering , i understand that there are <num> people on big server but people that have the xbox one x have a advantage . there are more small things that should be changed .
glitchy as heck . but , still a fun game .
this is in prerelease . if youre a fan of battle royales , check it out . it has its bugs but pure game play wise , it is fun . this is definitely not a must buy right now but once its time for full release , this game will be even more enjoyable .
constant updates have improved pubg for xbox tremendously in the last month . added new controls for controllers and they listen to our feedback . one or two updates a week . they are putting in real work to fix this game and much faster than the pc version . if youve been holding off now is a good time to get your feet wet
i love it so far just hope it gets fast updates for optimal performance ! it well get smoother in the coming weeks . i play on pc too and glad i can play with my xbox friends .
game can be really fun a times especially with friends . but since its early access there are tons of problems . if you havent gotten the game yet , hold out until the game is better optimized , and bugs been been fixed .
pubg is a really fun game . i love the last one standing gameplay . the controls are great . the main problems are the lag and the crashing . the game is really laggy in the starting area , but it clears up once you land . every two or three games , pubg crashes , which is annoying . rendering is a issue . many times , i have found things like buildings , trees , ect . not rendering in for a while . finally , the lack of hitmarkers is a huge problem . the closest thing to a hitmarker , is a blood splatter . it is realistic , but there is a few things they need to fix . overall , this is a great game for being in game preview . after a few fixes are made , this will be a amazing game . i cant wait to play the final game !
thanks to the most recent update the game has been alot better . now it lags alot less and almost no crashing , between the day it updated to the time of this review , it has only crashed once . now to have the buildings load in faster .
its fun with friends . ya it needs more work . but still fun . id recommend this game to others .
the frequent blackscreen crashes seem to have gotten better . graphics still take long to render upon landing , rubberbanding also seems less frequent . still a long way to go , but much better than first <num> weeks
just read some reviews . its a fun game but is ruined by constant crashes or random deaths , inconsistent lootbuilding texture loading so you die or get stuck . random controller bugs , random fps drops in the end game . cars and bikes flip because of a tiny bump and kill you , hit a pebble and lose massive health , or maybe explode randomly . being shot behind cover or shooting through targets . its fun and exciting but has way , way too many issues to be released .
it on xbox finally . its over all good game besides low fps but its only on game preview . the game will get better as it develops . im also surprised how smoothly it run . great game . <emoji>
is the game good ? yes . it has bugs so what all games do , name <num> game that doesnt any . yeah the game is hard because its realistic . dont give a game a bed rep over bugs . ive been playing since day <num> and have seen big improvement , i havent had a crash in months ang lag is minimal and kept to when the map renders . guns are balanced and strat is everything . dont pass a game that is bad for you because someone else is better . give it a fair shot before passing judgement .
its been a few months now . the updates have made gameplay a bit better slightly . there is still lag here and there . still random crashing though few and far between . still getting rendering issues . and the dang random invisible pixel crap when driving vehicles is just getting out of control . the whole hitbox thing needs a major fix , the spread is so random . you can be a . d . s . right on target and you have about a <num> chance of hits registering . also vehicle spawns are waaayyy to random . i understand this is prerelease and you are surely partial to your pc version . i love the game , but at this point there is no way i could recommend paying for this game in its current state . but i will keep playing till i cant stand the frustration anymore .
wonderful gameplay , all <num> playable game modes are lots of fun alone or with friends . the game is a pretty intense battle royale title and is decently competitive too . the most recent patch (im on the regular old xbox one) has reduced rubberbanding when moving and network lag in my experience . less frequently (at least <num> of matches in my experience) but consistently , a lot of players still experience the entire game crashing . i am updating from <num> of <num> stars to <num> of <num> for the moment . i would now currently recommend purchasing pubg if the crashing in the meantime doesnt bother you . the devs have made making the game crashfree one of their top priorittes for <num> , so hopefully it continues to improve .
ive always preferred pubg for a battle royale experience due to the games emphasis on realism and gearweapon variety rather than it being arcady and cartoony (which is the reason why i dont like fortnite) and overall , ive had a relatively good experience playing this game but however , im not going to deny that this game has some major issues that will surely hurt its reputation . the first and most obvious issue is the frame rate . a match usually starts off with really bad fps that averages at around <num> or so smoothing out a minute after you land on the ground . this can get pretty annoying and can cause one to get killed and lose . the other being the poor latency and crashes . you can be hiding behind a tree , boulder , or a corner of a building and still get shot and every now and then , the game will instantly crash leaving you to be a sitting duck . i get that pubg is in game preview but first impressions matter especially when theyre going against fortnite which is free . <num>
free till noveber <num> wether you like this game or not free is free
im annoyed at how loud the music cause everytime i log in im blasted by loud music and for the crashes it keeps crashing every time im in a middle of a game with friends and we end up dying because of it and the frame rate keeps going down at random times but the gameplay is good i guess update : still crashes at the worst possible momments
inconsistent frame rate and clunky controls dont take away from my enjoyment of this game ! i think with a few updates it will be incredible !
great game all around . only a few gripes and most will likely be fixed in time . i do however have a huge deal with being shot and not being able to tell what direction im being shot from . i mean i get that there going for realism but in the real world if you get shot in your left or right side or even your front or back your able to tell what direction it comes from . that does not mean your able to pinpoint the exact location of the shooter just the general area . i know that there is blood spatter but it does not work well enough in my opinion . something like . cod has when your hit would greatly help . again in my own opinion . otherwise this game is over my expectations in alot of ways . it is truly a masterpiece in the making and i can only pray that brendan green and blue hole do not make the same mistakes niantic did with go . you are not a small studio anymore you have all the resources you need now . i simply pray they keep up the great work . and dont become complacent .
the game is not fully done so stop crying and put up with it
xbox setting> preference> recording & capture off . i turned off more , but that runs in the back to capture screens n record vids . if you would rather have performance than proof of your chicken dinner , there ya go . update : for x , disable game <num> k and set to <num> . with it running at <num> and capture disabled the game runs great !
i absolutely love this game ! anyone who hates on it just cant appreciate that it is a work in progress . bugs and issues are all just things you signed up for by buying a preview . developers know the issues and are constantly trying to updatefix them . if you are a whiner you probably just blow at the game . pubg is awesome and i am excited for the future content to come ! buy this game and become an addict like myself . hitmewithawarriorcrate pubgtillthedeathofme
today , pubg is at the top of the charts in terms of brstyle games , and for good reason . but i feel on xbox it has been given more praise than deserved . i understand that the game is in early access , but its been advertised so much , and in such a way , as if its a full release . i mean , we even have a pubg xbox one bundle now . a bundle including a game that is incomplete and riddled with bugs and performance issues . the average consumer is unaware the game is in as incomplete a state as it is , which is why the game receives about as many complaints as it does compliments . as often stated , pubg suffers from pretty poor optimization , causing inconsistent framerate (often dropping very low) , lag and rubberbanding , and general graphical bugs . couple this with buggy physics and a strange control scheme , often made worse by the other problems and recurring input lag . all these issues aside , i still play and enjoy the game . i would however highly recommend the pc version over this any day .
i have been playing for about a week now and im loving it , framrate can be a bit unstable , the game has froze on me quite a few times , that being said it is still a work in progress . the fact that you are getting the game for half of what they will be charging for it once it is finished is reason enough to buy it . basically your getting a half finished game for half off .
sure the game pretty glitchy , right now . what game isnt on first release ? even the mainstream ones not in beta or game preview . the game can be as intense as you make it . collect your arsenal , hide , run towards gun fire , snipe , or charge in with a frying pan . this game is fun and put the nerves on high alert .
this game is good . this game takes some getting used to because they crammed alot of buttons options in the controller but once you master that then it becomes real fluid . remember its still a pre release game the graphics will be updated ! <emoji>
pubg is obviously in its game preview stage , and should be treated that way . this game has been getting better each day . pubg has already come out with <num> patches . dont listen to the people that do not understand that this game is practically in beta . pubg is great and will get even better .
this game has so many issues ! if its not the consant lag or glitching you need to worry about this game kicking you from gameplay ! not to mention that the aiming and bullet projectory are all over the place ! out of all the betaspreviews ive ever played this is by far the worst ! if these issues arent fixed and soon , this game will push every gamer experiencing these exact issues away permanently . ive greatly enjoyed playing this game when everything is working (which is becoming rare) so im hoping these issues become resolved in a quick manner . truly hoping the best for this game but if nothing gets fixed i guarantee that this game will lose a lot of people that looked forward to playing it but have now became just as frustrated and disappointed as i have since first playing this game . <num> just got kicked in middle of gameplay ! how about you all at pubg fix this issue instead of creating new maps ! get your together !
sucks , lag lag lag and disconnect . you battle the game not the players .
save your cash for the retail release . they sold so many early access copies that they should have plenty of cash to throw at all the bugs . if they dont soon , youll know what kind of company this is . all youre missing in the meantime is a game that rubberbands like crazy and crashes often .
since update its been running alot better and is fun but still have my issues on a personal level with it but thats just me . its still a clever pvp romper !
the game is going to be buggy its the way game preview works quit crying you are either bad at the game or dont know what game preview means .
servers are rough right now . game plays sub <num> fps which makes it difficult .
the controls are . clunky and need work . other then that its a solid game for the preview program and im sure frame rate issues will be fixed . being worth $ <num> is debatable but in my opinion its not much of a stretch and i recommend .
i love the game , so happy to see it on xbox ! i just wish there was less frame lag and if it had button mapping that would help . overall its a great buggy game of extraordinary proportions ! update : the patches seem to be helping . now if we could organize loot better and stop game crashes at the end of squad matches that would be nice . keep up the good work ! <emoji> ⚔ <emoji>
pubg has become one of my most likedplayed game in the past months . the evolution of this game since it’s release has been amazing . the way that the games developers take criticism from the community to improve the experience the game delivers is relieving . the close quarter combat cannot be mimicked , the heart clenching final moments of the final circles , and the rewarding feeling of a chicken dinner are aspects of this game that stick out to me and drive me back to it ! i reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys a challenge of both awareness and skill . if you enjoy pushing yourself to dominate the battlefield , this game is for you . if you enjoy occasionally hitting your team mates with a car , this game is also for you . the only thing i would improve with the game is a consistency with weapons in structures . i would also have to say let the community have access to custom servers so more content can be pushed out into the community !
since updates the game has gotten better
i like how you can drive vehicles and get all these great guns and stuff but you should be able to drive the big trucks and plzzzz fix the lag . plzzzz add sand map .
super laggy , controls are so difficult , fortnite is free and id rather pay <num> dollars for that
iove it , its a little buggy right now but it did release <num> hours ago .
long review ahead . first off there are a lot of cons to this game . the framerate is maybe <num> on xbox one x and even that is a maybe , while it is even worse on the regular xbox one often probably hitting lower than <num> . no matter how good your internet is you will lag at some point , i generally do a lot . the beginning is the worst about lagging which is bad because thats when you need to loot fast . as far as crashing goes ive played around <num> matches and have only crashed once and got right back in since i was in a house , but again im playing on the one x . the game also has a problem with hit detection which is why you can swear you shot someone but nothing happened . i can forgive crashes and lag due to early access but i cant forgive not having the option to play private matches . before anyone shouts early access , full pc version came out recently and only some streamers have the option to create them . why <num> stars then ? gameplay is adrenaline pumping especially if you make top <num>
theyve released several updates and continue to release that improve the game . were getting there .
update : the recent patches have made some large and positive improvements but there is still a ways to go . its nice to see that its headed in the right direction though .
a couble bugs and a little laggy but still able to enjoy the game <emoji>
i started playing pubg around the end of february <num> , but as of november <num> , i am no longer playing pubg anymore due to technical problems , performance issues , decline in players including some personal issues i have with bluehole and their decisions surrounding pubg . that being said , it was fun while it lasted but like they say all things must come to an end . and if pubg has issues running on an xb <num> x , which has <num> gb gddr <num> memory and a faster cpugpu , then i hope sony fans dont get their hopes up . lol ! the ps <num> pro runs on <num> gb gddr <num> memory with a slower and less powerful cpugpu , so for those whose thinking its going to run better . its not ! the standard ps <num> will run the same as the xb <num> s , with all of the same exact problems . however , i was really hoping that bluehole and microsoft was going to stick together , but my hopes for pubg remaining an xbox exclusive for consoles , was a let down and a huge disappointment for me ! i hope microsoft releases a br xbox exclusive . <emoji>
stop updating its making the game worse
there is so much that needs fixing . awful framerate fluctuates between <num> and <num> fps , constant crashing , and massive ping spikes . it is still a game preview , sure , but in its current state it is borderline unplayable . after the first of what they call a performance update , the game actually got worse . it crashes on my xbox at least <num> times a game , and im always dead when i load back in . still looking for the fun part
glitches and lag are horrible . i black screen and lag out every <num> games . it lags for the first <num> minutes of every game . i have multiple game clips where i start to walk up stairs and they disappear and then reappear . then im stuck in the stairs and it kills me . thats a great way to start a squad match . if they ever fix these issues it will be as fun as it is on pc . but until they fix the problems , it is unplayable at this point . i know it is a work in progress but you shouldnt charge for a game that is unplayable . needs a major update .
pubg is a great game and people are complaining about the frames and button layout . it is day <num> people every game is not perfect when it releases . also , wyen pubg came out on pc it was full of issues like bad lag and that happens still today . no game is perfect people !
teamkilled first couple games , but after one great match with three strangers i was hooked . for a free game i say <num> but for the original $ <num> i say <num> . alot of potential here . i have high hopes that theyll make this game beautiful with time ( & money) .
i have spent many hours playing and enjoying pubg . that being said this is not a finished game and should not be advertised as such . there are lots of bugs that make this game extremely frustrating , little things that should have been fixed before <num> . <num> . all of these bugs i can except but what i am most upset about is the fact they decided to put full product release in the title . how dumb do you think we are pubg or should i say pubgfpr . you pushed it out to try and make quick buck before big title games came out . it makes me sad that a game i love doesnt have the decency to let me put on some lipstick before i get . im insulted and every one who still plays this game should be to . if you want to say your game is finished , fine just have it say playerunknowns battlegrounds . that will imply the games done . fire your marketing person and hire some more devs . dont give up on your game !
i played three games and thanks to lag(not on my end) i lost them all i was top ten in all of them but no your game lagged and every time wall killed me not a player . one time i was so close my person was standing in the line and then lag and he stood there and rubber banded till the wall killed me
great game it really is but after the <num> gb update was supposed to fix that but i guess not and i uninstalled the game and then reinstalled but still crashes so still expect the game crashes after the <num> gb update update it lags bad and doesnt render buildings fast enough die too many times to lags so was <num> star but now im giving it <num> now
this game ran better before all of the updates , now my game takes a good <num> minutes to render in structures . also i tend to die by clipping into invisible objects midgame . hitboxes need a lot of work still because its possibe to be shot through walls sometimes or someone can unload a clip in you close range without even facing your direction , and expect to crash alot . the game crashes randomly at the worst possible times and it tends to crash as you are loading back in aswell . this is really bad for solo players because you could be <num> minutes into a game and get eliminated due to crashing . this game is very fun but it just seems to be getting worse .
its great with friends these negative comments are just trolling a good game
this is gonna be an epic game when they polish this fun game but should let us map our own controller <emoji>
as someone who has played this game on pc since its release , bluel has delivered exactly what was promised with this release . they stated all while back that the xbox release would be about <num> months behind the pc version . but in fact , this game is even better than it was <num> months ago on pc because <num> months ago on pc . it didnt even have vaulting . with a better launch than this years call of duty title i can give nothing but credit to blue hole and the work , they put into this launch . while it does have bugs blue always proven that there are committed developer and has already delivered on many of the promises they made early in the games existence . the game is definitely worth $ <num> and while there is a bit of a learning curve i guarantee you will have tons of fun on this game . must buy for $ <num> .
this is a great game and im glad to see it come to console , but needs serious connection work .
good so far on day <num>
this game still has a long way to go since its a pc game . when bf <num> , and ark were released they were the worst but over time it got better . so for those of you who are questioning on whether or not to buy it just know itll only get better <emoji>
update <num> : game still crashes . rubberbanding is better but not great . terrible hit detection . rendering is slightly better but still not great . the game needs to be renamed playerunknowns battleground , marathon trainer & dress up game . more clothes than weapons . enhanced for xbox one x translates to crashes slightly less but renders better . i wish i had waited to get this game . i was very excited when i heard it was coming to console but i am already over the frustration . the bp point system is ridiculous . top notch players get maybe <num> k per round . cheapest crate is <num> . do the math . opened three consecutive boxes and got the same pair of school shoes x <num> . framerate is better but still bad . this game would look ok if released in <num> . vehicles are improved as far as damage when riding but motorcycles are twitchy again . flip for no reason . invisible walls . plane door is closed now . i prefer it open there is still a long way to go before this preview is complete . money grab ?
i cant believe how many times where i know im gonna win a gun fight or times when im trying to be stealthy and out of nowhere the game decides to screw me over by lagging to death (literally) and it just makes me so mad . and to top it off with a slap in my face , you guys remember the tournament that the winner of <num> , <num> dollars won because he used glitches to win . everybody knows damn well that money could have went into better servers . im so disappointed with this game at the fact that it even is as much as it cost . i would have never bought this game if i knew how bad its performance was .
game is good . it has some glitches from time to time . ibought it at first release and has improved tremendously since initial release . buy now while its $ <num> and not <num> after full release . patience in killing in this game or else give away your position . remember its a preview and dont listen to all the negativity .
love how i have to wait <num> minutes after landing for the game to render . by that time everyone has guns and im screwed without any gear . update : the game is even worse now . infinite load screen on the new map , the game is literally unplayable if i get the new map .
crashes a whole lot less with update !
needs more tracks and some dogs to chase you though . maybe some different shoe types for the cross country parts . probably should get rid of the people shooting at you though , that isnt that realistic and it detracts from the running zen .
i know its not a finished game but it feels so clunky . like halo <num> clunky
can yall fix the crashing and it still lets you run or drive when it crashes please fix
considering this game came out less than <num> hours ago and everyone is playing , it actually runs pretty good . on top of that , i saw multiple server annoucements on hot fixs and such . obvious a game like this starts buggy , but its nice knowing the devs are trying to keep things under control . also , won the <num> th match i was in . thank you shotgun .
game is really fun with friends , but often crashes or lags . also graphics problems sometimes . it needs more updates too to fix these issues , otherwise its ok
the game is great . its what every person that has a bad pc and wants to play pubg wants . issues . at the the start of the game there is rubber banding and stuff doesnt load very fast so graphic problems) but there is one reason that this game is worth over looking the crashes . ( in my opinion) when the game crashes freezes you can join back if you dont die . i think the devs need to make it so when your game crashes you dont move . ive lost many friends to this . update <num> or so month after the game came out : i think they have improved lag a lot . and my , my game doesnt crash . this game has constant updates . and just received fpp . i recommend it
cant trust reviews on here anymore . folks giving bad reviews because they didnt read the description that this is part of a game preview that is currently under development and will get better in time . just look at pc version .
crazy fun squad play . i genuinely hated this game at first , but it turned out to be one of the greatest games ive ever played . what dayz shouldve been . except the blue wall , eff that thing . slow it down or something .
<num> )new game concept very fun and addicting ! <num> )overall gameplay is much better and recent updates have helped tremendously . <num> )firing and using weapons in the game take some getting used to . give it time , youll get it down . <num> )having the airplane fly higher in the sky so a larger part of the map could be used each round would be very welcoming . <num> )parachutes auto deploys for you as well at a certain altitude . id like to see that changed . if i want to splat then please let me . <num> ) with all that being said if the right people are working on this game . i believe this game has the potential to be another big seller like the gta series . <num> ) the game only has one map currently . and like most open world games buildings and such are replicated many times in each area so things get old pretty fast .
after patch <num> game runs pretty well now very nice
good i understand the games been out a week but u guys work on graphics im <num> k on a s but its gotta be dealt with but good game . update from week <num> to now . thanks to the newest update performance issues are low and graphics are getting better .
the gun play and lag are so bad you can be killed by an unarmed player even if you are shooting them with a shotgun <emoji> <num> updates no better <emoji>
gameplays a little laggy . the interactions are slow . the textures look rough .
this game is amazingly fun , the graphics bug out at the start of the game a little bit , you barely notice the fps unless you played on pc first , and finally its a kick a game even in early access . do yourself a favor and buy it . <emoji> ✌
ive been watching this game for a long time and am extremely happy that its finally out . though there are still problems , like the crashes , low framerate , and occasional freezing , but i completely understand that its because its being ported from pc , so its not going to be flawless . cant wait for it to be finished !
fun game but crashing multiple times a game is not going to cut it . they need to stop that first . dropped to <num> stars bc its not getting better no updates in more than <num> weeks
this game is amazn untill u lag out
there is no way around it , the game has its issues . pubg is actively addressing the problems , which keeps me hopeful . in the end , through the lag and droped fps , i still find this game the most enjoyable online game to play right now .
map doesnt load when landing falling through buildings for first <num> seconds atleast if you dont fall through a house or mountain <emoji> shot register and hit boxes are off . other then that i love the bloodthirst fight for victory from all different aspects . the game crashes are a problem slight and not as frequent but now itll say host closed connection an i guess you waste <num> min stocking an fighting for nothing , especially if youre in the final <num> or less . credits someties arent given if system crashes enough or host closes connection and youre always told better luck next time <emoji> addictingly fun for being the best game with realistic battle royale . also would be nice if i didnt have to lay on the ground in order to over hand throw a grenada .
please add a change screen bounds option some the game gets cut off
very often the game will crash , will have frequent issues with rendering buildings and can fall through buildings on the initial drop . have been killed by staircases loading while trying to climb them . gameplay controls are horrible with no custom mapping options . have even won with a squad after a crash and was able to load back up and even though we still won never got points for the win . this game has a loooooong way to go before it is ready for release . enjoy the frustration of this game crashing multiple times in a single game and hope that you can load backkup before someone or the blue zone kills you .
just like the pc version . everyone is on a level playing ground spec wise and its super addicting . pubg on xbox is a must have ! <emoji>
this is an updated review . the game is now out of preivew and i must say i am a bit impressed on the state of the game now . i havent had any crashes and frame rates at most on xbox one x have been ok . this game is a tactical shooter which is rare on console so my tactical shooter fans pick it up . i dont think i have to describe what battleroyale is im sure you have a good idea by now . pubg on xbox one is by far one of my favorite shooters along with rainbow six siege . this game has a way to kick you in the butt , its like the darksouls of shooters . the biggest problems are the broken patches and low frame rates , <num> fps should be standard , and <num> fps at the least . i dont know maybe you devs should build an all new game engine for <num> fps . just an idea
bluewhale entertainment need to get their head out their and fix this game its absoutly terrible if they dont fix this game soon i want my money back
ive been holding my breath hoping that pubg would come to console at all . ill gladly pay <num> bucks to play whilst its still in development . anyone complaining of early access woes just has a sandy vjj . <emoji> game performs fine on xbox onex .
yea surpise a pc port game runs kind of bad ! everysingle one does ! it even runs bad on the x . well , overtime it will improve and be better . you cant be so quick to diss it . and people please dont hate it bc you cant play it , servers go down that doesnt mean it sucks . i bet in a few months or less this game will run great look better and be fun as hell . so before you rate it bad or tell your friends it sucks give it time . let it mature into a game like no other .
foreal fix this stupid crashing ish . it is aggravating me to my core man .
rubberbanding is an issue again . crashing is an issue again . the texture issues are back . waiting for stairs and houses to load (not there or made of playdoh) is extremely frustrating , and so is having to back out to ready up . please fix these experience killing issues . it feels worse than day one . (xbox one s)
even though its in early access and rough around the edges , pubg is the best tactical shooter on xb <num> . the gameplay reminds me of the original rainbow six , ghost recon , and socom games mixed with the arma series . definitely worth thirty dollars .
if we can just have less popping in for the rendering of buildings and characters and more dissolved in style of rendering that is less of an eyesore . controls seem to be broken for map <num> . vehicles dont drive in map <num> . the ads is broken in map <num> , the sensitivity drops and have to enter settings in order to fix it . collision detection in muddy un rendered buildings is and has been frustrating and nearly unacceptible .
update : game has not improved as of <num> , its pure garbage . still rubber banding , frame rate drops , controller input lag , the works . i will never purchase another early access title again after conan then this utter piece of dog excrement . its a shame , i wanted this to be good . early access or not , the game should be playable . wasting <num> or <num> minutes per game gearing up just to have it crash is unacceptable . bad textures , slow control response , lag , glitches , and non stop crashes . if thats how you want to play a game then have at this one . another pile of garbage cash grab (yes cash grab , look how bad it is vs pc) ive placed on the refund list .
worth the wait and cant wait for the full release <emoji>
no game chat yet , and customization is decent . controls arent as clunky anymore . frame rate is better . it crashes occasionally . still fun . cant wait to see it develop more . <emoji>
my one issue is lack of proximity chat . i hope the creators listen here . this key feature is a staple in the pc version , one that both brings the community together and underlines stressful moments in hilarious ways . it will be disappointing to not receive that small detail . this game has caught so much flack its insane . look at gta online , when it first came out it was utter trash , but now years later its straight <emoji> . good things take time , so be patient with blue hole . they are constantly putting out updates as promised . yes , the game still crashes every few matches . yes , the rendering is still rough while landing , giving us playdough like masses for buildings at a most critical moment in our race to get the first gun . anyone who is familiar with the pc version can tell you we will get the royale treatment in time . so please give them credit and stop hating because you keep dying lol . if u cant handle this go play fortnight . you know . that offbrand crap u see drake play . <emoji>
full release still getting ablack screen at beginning of every round . none of my friends seem to experience this . can anyone offer a fix ? playing on xbox one s . thanks
thank gawd microsoft added this to free play days , now i wont make the mistake of wasting money on it .
course the game is still not done . its a game preview . its going to have lots of bugs . we are testers . its just gonna get better by time . give it a chance . i play on the pc but playing on the xbox is a different game style and im loving it . different ways to play the game on both . youre going to have to put in a lot of time to learn the map and the game style compared to cod , battlefield , and any other soldier games your play before . its a must to play with voice chat n super fun with friends . no spawn killing start the game and survive . winning is gonna be tough but the most satisfied win when you do . its a must to have a good headset , so you could pay attention to your surroundings . this game is going to get better in time . if youre up for the challenge . this game is just the beginning of being something great ! you will regret it , for not buying it early and learning this type of game style . check out videos on youtube , if that doesnt change your mind . dont buy it . wwcd !
i havent had this much fun gaming since halo <num> lan back in the day . addictingly fun .
if you can get over the game crashing every match , network lag at the worst possible time , and horrid frame rates , all that will result in your demise , the game would be fun . if youre expecting any sort of playable game , look elsewhere . loot boxes double each time you purchase them , the rng is horrid . ive opened over a dozen boxes and recived the same two pairs of pants four times . id seriously wait a year or two until this game is playable before spending any money on it . dont even get me started on the graphics .
not bad . pretty good and crashes not so often but when it crashes its baad because . say its a <num> v <num> and your about to kill him and then your game crashes r . i . p . also i lost from network lag detected thx pubg i know your game is still in early access but it triggers me sometimes
this game is a peice of crap , save your money
currently , crashing and lack of controller layout settings makes the game a toss up . the idea is fun , but tears you down when you crash at a critical moment . do not buy until optimized . update : first person servers added are good . still doesnt matter if rubber banding kills you in top <num> .
for everyone complaining its buggy or laggy , no crap , its in preview . you should have known this before buying as it is plastered everywhere , so dont complain about things that can be fixed over time as the game updates . theyve already released one update <num> week after release that has improved the stability and some bugs . i do have to agree with vehicles being annoying at the moment but i think that will die down as people get better at playing without aim assist and as they learn how to shoot in this game , because it can be difficult at first . in conclusion i couldnt recommend the game more if you know going in its in preview and to expect some lag , bugs and glitches that will be fixed over time . will update my review as time goes on .
loot boxes are terrible <num> . <num> of the time you get the same crap that alone takes some reward away from playing . skins and other add ons are way over priced for as awful as they look equipped need to add more gun camo to just buy out right besides grinding till <num> to finally unlock a new one and stop making us pay <num> for <num> full outfit are you stupid it should be free for playing this sh for this long and hardly any change they are just greedy seeing the lack of players since black out they went to gamepass for a last ditch effort to make money from microtransactions while this game still lies in ruin from rubberbanding , framerate drops , rounds not sufficiently hitting targets , cars flipping and or flying through the sky after hitting objects the wrong way , crashes , getting stuck at load screens when the game starts , getting stuck in your chute , or running into invisible walls on rooftops , stick to the reviews because at this rate they wont have this game running right for the next <num> yr
bluehole has put pubg xbox on the backburner since <num> . <num> , but they made sure microtransactions worked perfectly .
i just hate how fortnite players are super salty , but pubg is a great game . there are still lag spikes but other than that its great
i play this game every day and can say that this has to be one of the best competitive games out there , right next to rb <num> s . <emoji>
look , i get as annoyed as everyone else with rubberbanding and game crashes but you cant judge this game the same way you would judge battlefield or rs siege because it is basically in alpha or early beta format . if you really wanted it to be finished , it wouldn’t be on xbox for another year and a half or so and we would all be complaining about that instead . i am personally a huge fan of the xbox game preview program . this game is a great simple game . turn off game dvr in your settings and that also helped me . the game will improve if and only if we give constructive feedback to the developers instead of bashing their unfinished game as a “cash grab” and complaining about server issues and rating with one star . you need to rate it for what the game is , unfinished , glitchy , constently improving , and fun as hell .
i get that its a preview and unfinished but its offensive that they charged anyone for this . not sure how the one x performs but its almost unplayable on the og console . wish i could return for a refund
it crashes more then i would like a $ <num> dollar game to do . fingers crossed for solid updates often . update : <num> straight games of <num> minutes playing each or more , <num> straight game crashes .
its unplayable trash at this point , you glitch out of the game while driving walkin running or just lying still . the controls and ui are garbage , key mapping is utter nonsense . gameplay is largely luck based with terrible hit registration and lag . you die from a guy looking <num> degrees away from you , your own character constantly blocks your view inside buildings instead of the camera adjusting towards first person . i would not recommend the game to anyone it needs years to correct . this should be an alpha or beta test never a paid game preview . terrible in almost every aspect , loot is hugely irregular . you see <num> backpacks next to each other or none the whole game . i can overlook many issues but not the vast holes and irregularities in the combat mechanics . deleted the game after playing for a week and getting in the top <num> people on na . the game is a broken laggy glitchfilled nightmare which would take even an aaa developer another year to bring to a beta test stage . abandon ship
game just kept on crashing wen we wer going to fight or , geting shot dont buy or play till later updates
i can only play one round of pubg then it crashes the next . why ?
good game . only time can make it better .
not <num> sec where you are not lagging . graphics hurt to look at . controls not mappable . inventory controls take so long to navigate you might as well just kill yourself before someone beats you to it . people who say it just released , give them time to fix everything can not be reasoned with and should be sterilized . this game was meant for pc , and as much as i wanted it to work on xbox , it doest .
dont buy until they fix everything
game was just tranfered to xbox . it wont be perfect day one . if u enjoyed pc version , controller is nice just need <num> get used <num> it . other that i love it . graphics are great when they render but like i said give it time . its xbox not pc . you wont get perfect everything
thank you trump for pubg usa usa usa
ok , so im gonna be completely honest here . i have pretty bad internet and this game still runs honestly smoother than i though it was gonna run ! ive only encountered a few problems with little lag spikes sometimes and some rendering issues when you first drop into the map , other than that , a few black screens that dashboarded me (but most times you can load back in if youre quick) , clunky controls (which i got used to so now they arent bad) , the game is fun asf ! now the game is still in early access , i know , but it has a good system setup with plenty of cousomization and loot to find on the battlefield , plus loot crates you can purchase to customize your character more ! the gitches it has will be sorted soon im sure but like i said , not that many ive had a problem with . im enjoying the game a ton as it is so im excited to see this game progress with updatescontent over the coming months ! thanks and peace <emoji>
better now that some bugs have been patched
new map is terrible and made the game run like complete crap fix what is already messed up then add things
i wouldnt mind having to download more if it helps constant crash issues
dont listen to all these pansys complaining about the game having bug , saying stuff . they dont know what theyre talking about . all of you are just people who suck at the game . if youve ever played arma <num> or arma <num> then this game is for you , yeah , its having a little bugs because it just launched about a week ago hey company that is on its own this game gives me all of the pvps back . so i could ask for sure , it needs a little more of the reward system . yeah , i could see that , but from here all aspects of with the game is it is great , its intense . it never lets up on that sensation that you might be shot by a sniper or wondering if youre safe because truly the only place youre safe is the main menu i love this game and for those who complain about the game because its not perfect well . i dont see you making a game now , so shove it .
just a little lag and a few crashes , im sure it will get solved . graphics take alittle while to load but it is still fun . could use more vehicle spawns , find myself running a long time and never a car in sight . im sure everything will get better with a little time .
drop rates still trash , no additional sold outfits ? we are not pc . there is no market for this . also , vehicles flip again . dying from sudden vertically challenged vehicles .
what started off as a good idea , into a nightmare of an experience . playing on the x <num> x continues to get worse . all latest xbox exclusives make you wonder if this as good as it will get for xbox . wish i invested more into my pc rather than believe x <num> x would be a game changer .
there is nothing to like , this game preview will hurt the potential that the xbox one x had . it features minecraft graphics with a draw distance worse than my kids art . not to mention even <num> frames per second would be a great accomplishment . this game features playdough houses , loot that you can’t pick up , and terrible response from a controller . anybody who tells you to buy it is high on hype and maybe crack at least wait till its out of preview . bluehole doesnt know how to optimize anything . i wouldn’t even steal this game from gamestop . lastly anyone who states that it’s in preview and we should expect nothing more is dead wrong , this game has ran smoothly on pc for the last couple months unless you’re still running windows <num> , we have to hold devs to higher standards . this game could be good but it’s not thats why i give it <num> thumbs down .
crashes every game leaving you a sitting duck if you manage to survive and reload the game its only a matter of time before it crashes again . having <num> instances in a single match is average . i really want to like this game but youre making it impossible .
very low frame rates right now even on xbox one x . controls are awkward with slow responsiveness . inventory management is not at all designed for a console controller . poor audio cues for player positioning . frequent lag spikes during heavy battles . honestly , its not worth a paid early access in its current state . wait a month or two for it to get some desperately needed console polish .
this is honestly one of the worst modern era games ive played and that is taking into account that its a preview . graphics are mediocre , the map is extremely generic and uninspired and you will spend much of your time rubberbanding around it or just getting flat out dropped from matches . the controls , menus , map , and inventory are among the least intuitive and least user friendly ive ever seen . many issues like shots not registering or hitting feet away from your reticle even at close range , sounds like cars and gunfire cant be heard unless youre facing the direction it came from even when its right next to you , doors near you opening and closing instead of picking up the gear you are looking at , and other general coding issues . youll often feel like you completely wasted your time at the end of a match . for a game that was in beta on pc since march <num> , they should be embarrassed at the state of the game . with the exception of the concept , literally no positives at this time .
game is unplayable . you will crash every other game and the frame rate is so bad the enemy players bounce around all over the place . its pathetic . the game devs need to refund everyones money and make this free to play .
untill its finished . otherwise youre gonna waste time and money to get raped by lag , cheaters , framerate drops , with keyboard & mouse , russians . so go tell youre favorite rich youtuber to go fuckhimself for promoting an unpolished pice of gorilla
fix the game crashing its very frustrating
update lags me to the point cant run or walk . other players load and kill me within seconds due to that . takes maps longer to load than before . pretty much unplayable . not worth buying right now .
it has bugs , issues , and crashes but it game preview so expect this but over very well done . and to go first person is rb
playerunknowns is an fun and addicting game to say the least . i have put in over <num> hours on pc and xbox put together and can say without a doubt it is worth the <num> $ price tag . the good pubg is a great game to play solo , or with friends providing amazing replay value . the skill ceiling is nearly limitless always allowing for the player to improve and polish their skills . the slow paced , strategic gameplay allows for players to play the way they want whether it be passive or hyper aggressive . personally i love that each game can play out so much differently than the last allowing for unique experiences every time . the bad <num> fps , small bugsglitches , aiming will require hours of game play to adjust to if you are used to games with aim assist (cod , halo , overwatch) . the slow roll out of pc updates to xbox , and (in my opinion) the biggest drawback is no crossplay . overall i love the game and have supported since alpha i look forward to everything they have in store !
dab crash a lot but dab
super fun , i dont understand all the negativity for a game thats not finished . better than some finished games . look forward to new maps .
it has improved tremendously ! is it perfect or done ? no , sanhoks great , graphics still need enhanced , lobby bugs wth disconnects , and frames and rendering still need improved but over all alot smoother
i like the game because its more realistic than fortnite , but i would wait until the game is fixed because right now the game is super buggy . example : i was dropping in at a location and the game hadnt loaded in the the stuff inside the building . i walk in and i get stuck in between these benches and die from falling . overall i would wait until the game is fixed .
so far its not bad , the frames drop from time to time but it still isnt fully release so it ok
great game to play with friends or solo but ive ran into a couple glitches . sometimes building dont render in after landing . ive been stuck in a wall due to that . game crashed several times but im assuming since it was the first day the servers had a few troubles . had fun doing solo , duo , and squad . recommend getting it but it is still going to have glitches til it is out of the game preview program
how is this the exclusive game for the most powerful console in the world when it cant even sustain <num> fps ? how has it been out for three months yet i havent seen one fps improvement ? why does at least one person in my squad disconnect every game ? why does it look and feel like im playing n <num> goldeneye in <num> ?
its great to see bluehole , playerunknown and xbox working together to make this dream come true . yes the controls are wonky and the server has some lag but over all its a great game and i know they will make changes they need to , to get the game where we the people want it and where they want it .
it has potential is an understatement . for being on as powerful as a system as xbox , and giving all of us the hassles along with its <num> $ pricetag , that over a million people bought into , and bluehole has us as the testers for free . . reviewing and reporting . without a reward , wait . no . they give ingame points to a broken customization system to which the player uses <num> , <num> , <num> , ect . in points to receive an item thats valued at <num> , <num> , <num> , with that , the player often gets rewarded the same item multiple times . theres really no reason for most of this games flaws , it just shows bad management , and i say that with confidence looking at my junky phone that can run games very similar to this , with none of the problems . people are not going to concern themselves with the games full release , because of all the flaws and frustrations bluehole has chose to put us all thru , chose , because , they released an unfinished game with a pricetag . well , unfinished for xbox <num> .
playing on xb <num> (standard ) still consistent pixelated houseshouses , takes about <num> seconds to load the environment . the shooting still needs to be adjusted a little bit .
i love the combat pubg offers . theres none of that instant fortress stuff like fortnite . while i may find myself saying how ! or yeah right ! most of the time its due to my own fault . its a massive learning curve , but once you adapt . you become an efficient fighting machine . graphically , its more realistic . although textures on older consoles look blurry more often , and the inventory screen has no character . i do enjoy that i can explore most buildings . and audio is accurate for weapon shots , etc . although its hard to hear footsteps unless you turn volume high on headphones . my biggest complaint is the loot and mts . you will get the same pair of shoes , <num> + times . your motivation to play , is hopes of something good for once . but now , in a game you already paid for . you have paid event passes like fortnite . unlike fortnite , you cant earn gpoints for playing . so you will have to buy the pass , or be stuck with the basic free rewards . its fun , just needs better rewards
needs optimization and constant updates . tons of fun . perfect for those that cant stand fortnites cartoonish style
good job getting this one for us ! crashes a lot . had to bring it down to <num> stars . <num> . <num> . <num> update game is trash man started @ <num> stars now <num> uninstalled
so after hesitating (and for good reason) , i downloaded the game . the first thing i see is servers are too busy , try again later . wtf man really ? so after spamming the retry button , i finally got into a game . kind of . i didnt even see the spawn island . instead , im left listening to the plane flying with a black screen to stare at . then it loads only for me to see the plane is already half way across the map . awesome . so i jump out , land and get stuck in a rendering building for <num> minute . again , awesome . it finally loads and i gear up a little bit . i come across an enemy , shoot him and nothing happens . he shoots back , i die . ok i figured , first game and im new here so its cool . well apply this same exact scenario a second time . and then a third time . i couldnt even attempt a <num> th because the servers wont load . i tried to give it the benefit of the doubt , but i feel like bluehole just robbed me . new map ? how about fixing the game instead of adding more content we cant use !
the devs are pathetic . <num> updates and its still unplayable . og xbox gamer can shoot through unrendered surfaces . the game crashes every other game . the gun fights are inconsistent . the lag and framerate is horrendous . your settings constantly get reset . matchmaking takes forever . the loot is pathetic and you only get duplicates . avoid this game . worst game ever made .
charging me to play after i paid to play is the reason why this game will be dead next year .
this game is going to implode sooner or later .
i want my money back plus an extra <num> for playing ths junky game its getting worse each update not better
avoid at all costs , crashes multiple times back to back dont waste your money
dont get fortnite it sucks get this
the game has great potential but it needs lots of bugs fixed and less lag
all the rubber band lag and crashes that get you killed that you have always wanted .
pubg had great potential , and could have easily been a <num> star game , but it doesnt live up to the hype . for starters , the crashing . it is inevitable , no matter how good your console runs , this game will crash at the worst times . then theres the movement . its spotty , laggy , and can have you running in place for minutes at a time as you try to grab one item . then theres solo mode . solo mode is alright up until you hit the top <num> , then everyone is just driving around trying to get a splatter kill . i payed $ <num> for pubg , not an updated buggier version of carmegeddon . the game still has loads of potential , but as of right now , save yourself some time and frustration , and buy a different game . pubg needs time to develop further .
if you like crashing <num> times a game youll love it . if you enjoy bushes looking like people youll love it . if you like boulders looking like jeeps youll love it . if you enjoy minecraft rendering youll love it . if you like picking up a vest and helmet that doesnt work youll love it . this game is a real treat . p . s . on the menu screen they tell you they might not release the finished product and the game will forever be a humpback whale trying to walk .
with the number of units sold and the overall popularity of this game , its quite baffling that the game was released in its current state . whenif the game works , it is quite fun and fairly easy to look over the plethora of bugs that exist . crashing multiple times in a single session is a little more difficult to look past . ive played most of the available preview games available on the xbox , several costing less money , that are far more polished than pubg . hopefully the money made from the not so subtle cash grab port goes towards the game that so many people are supporting . it could easily be a <num> or <num> star game if some more time goes into it . <num> graphics and single digit frame rates aside , this game is oodles of fun . also , stop selling $ <num> cosmetic items and maybe focus on fixing the game instead .
first launch was rough but its a preview cant expect much but the game has potential ! with time its going to get better with the delay and lag
best multiplayer ive seen on xbox ever
as a new player to battle royale games i can say pubg is a experience on xbox one . bad graphics with poor loading of textures and very short draw distance . no tutorial or bot mode to learn how to play . try to figure out the controls during a match and get instantly killed . its not fun . it feels a low budget indie game that is years away from being a full game . dont waste your time or money .
good game crashes a little more then most little laggy some rubberbanding but after a few patches and <num> fps this game is the next great thing to the fps genre and is going to put other shooters to bed .
constantly boots me back to the dash . if you cant run your program without it crashing , then it isnt ready for beta . fix your .
having to hold x to reload sucks
better than fortnite fortnite is trash
just started so im trash but everyone else is new also so it equal gun fights <emoji>
ignore those complaining about fps and lag . this is early access , as in this is not the finished product . they will continue to improve overtime . at its core , this is an extremely fun game that ive put over <num> hrs into on the pc version and am looking foward to playing it with all my xbox friends !
<num> : make the mini map in the corner have color please . <num> : graphics obviously . <num> : fix the first person view where when your running you dont like automatically look slightly somewhere else . <num> : do you think you make it where you dont have to double click left trigger to ads please . <num> : make the invintory more simple please . <num> : make it were you can change the button lay out because no offense but the controls are pretty confusing . <num> : lag fixes . theres a lot more things but hey game cam out yesterday so . yeah anyways love you pubg <emoji>
blue balls has the balls to release a mobile game for free that runs better than xbox .
<num> k gamerscore , actually bought it , dont have xbox x just normal . got <num> th in my very first match , <num> kills . sick . google the controls , play the game , these bad ratings are from people experiencing early bugs . graphics are real enough for me . please give credit where credit is due . fla as helpful this was a lot of typing .
game has been out half a year and is just getting worse and worse . no hope for this poor excuse of a game .
i know its in preview but this game is an absolute mess . doesnt run smooth at all and the controls are wonky to say the least . not even the one x can save this game . locked at <num> fps with all kinds of textures popping in and out .
while i get why people could love this game , it has so many problems . not just in performance , but overall design . the gunplay is terrible and feels awful to use . theres no progression system whatsoever . half of the game is a running simulator . due to all of this , i am already starting to get bored after <num> games . there just isnt much to it other than its basic concept . if you arent an attention streamer , then i dont recommend it .
its woth it just get past a few bugs and and low frames rates for the time being . but enjoy pure tactical with realistic hit counters and weapon physics .
becoming more and more trash everyday update cant even join a match now
the constant crashing of this game makes the game not fun at all . please save your money , untilwhen its patched .
game never crashes now and im on xbox <num> so ignore the fortnite playing haters .
updated : lag still prevalent , dcs dont happen as often . hit reg is bad , some games it works , roll of the dice really . still wouldnt recommend this <num> any <num> . with as long as pubg has been a thing and with as many units as its sold , youd think these issues would be sorted , not the case <num> consoles , and to a lesser extent pc .
this is the video game equivalent of slamming your d in a car door . its painfully exhilarating while terrifying and sexy . sometimes youll need held afterwards and other times youll be ready and raring for another go immediately .
good sensitivity on public test server before last update . last update made sensitivity way too slow again . making a shooter game where i cant turn fast even on highest possible sensitivity is a joke and an insult to competitive players who spent money on your game . make your settings more robust . current settings and still turning too slow : <num> general <num> <num> x <num> <num> x <num> <num> x <num> <num> x . the <num> x and <num> x need to be able to go at least to <num> maybe <num> on current increments . its actually sad that they made it better and then made it shltty again though .
sweet needs updates but when they do i will be great . waiting lobby needs tons of work
excellent adrenaline rush , fun game but buggy as hell . i feel like i have got my moneys worth and it is still in preview . if you want a polished glitch free game this isnt for you . if you have patience and can see the bright side of things and want a new fps experience , pubg is totally worth it . go get those <emoji> dinners ! you will suck at first , die lots and maybe get frustrated but practice makes all the difference . m <num> is <num>
ok , for all you people that are giving it a one star rating you obviously dont understand what a game preview is you need to go back learn how to read and then maybe just maybe you will stop crying about this game because you people dont understand that it is a game preview theyre working on the game to try to improve it . they did not release an unfinished game if you had any common sense in your head you would realize that im sick and tired of games like this getting terrible ratings from people who dont understand how to read . all you have to do is look right at the game cover and it says hey guess what game preview ! so for all you one star ratings that just wanna whine and cry about lag and graphics maybe next time youll just read or dont even buy the game because its ridiculous . keep up the work guys ive seen the progress since the release already .
little issues (except fps is a little low) but not bad
i love this game , but the full release has come with some major bugs . ill be standing there shooting into a guy (with blood coming off him) , and hell just turn around , fire a couple rounds , and im dead . another issue is being shot through walls (i have video) . my internet is very good where i am and have not had any problems with other games . recently have been killed by people who havent rendered in . has seen no improvements since full launch .
this game is getting worse . how the hell does the menu run so bad ?
i was playing off and on for about <num> months and besides slow load time when starting a round i was in love with this game but with the last update all my gears and money ive earned is gone even the gear i started with and the stuff they gave us like a month or two ago all gone . wtf !
slow and scratchy and never runs smooth , mobile runs better
crashes need fixed . none of these updates have fixed the major issue . even with a x i still get kicked <num> of my games . all these updates and still no fiw ?
i bought your colgate toothpaste . and it made me feel like a piece of s .
even though this is a game preview , the amount of times this game crashes is unacceptable . if you cant handle the amount of people in a game , wait to release it until you can . if you want to play a battle royale game that doesnt crash , play fortnite , even mobile device battle royales dont have this many issues , i . e . rules of survival . this game has so much potential as long as it can fix its severe connection flaws .
its just way too laggy and poorly optimized . yes i understand the game is in preview , but it seems like the devs dont even care anymore . everytime i get near someone , i start rubberbanding and as a result the person kills me before i can even shoot back . i dont experience networkserver lag on any other multiplayer game , so its definitely not my internet , its these terrible pubg servers . update : the latest update on july <num> th , <num> has literally just broke the game . it will crash every time i try joining a match . so yeah , this is not worth the $ <num> . save up for a pc and buy pubg there . then itll be worth it .
awesome game . but it doesnt start anymore
wait for something better to come out .
trash servers trash gameplay terrible game . <num> still a pos
crashes all the time . the crashes are more frustrating then the actual game play you cant tell me that they havent made enough money to fix this garbage . they wont make much more if not fixed .
its great & awesome , but it is still in development so has a lot that needs fixing & thats expected . dumb to give a bad rating when its obviously gonna have problems at first . it will be perfect soon . great & awesome game !
this game is far better than fortnite ! it has realistic loot , a bigger map and no silly childish crap like boogie grenades love this game !
this game runs as good as stephen hawking walks
frequent crashes gives a sense of pride and accomplishment . rubber banding allows me to outplay all opponents . the graphics give me nostalgia of when i was a kid playing my ps <num> . the best part is parachuting i love seeing the buildings it reminds me of water painting . the one thing i would like to see added in is a starcard system like starwars it would be fantastic new gameplay features that everyone would like . now i know what you are thinking why did i give it a one star well thats because this game is the only star in my heart .
i love everything thing about this game the only thing they need to work on is the rendering it takes awhile for everything to load in the map properly
it is fun if you no the right tactics
controls all over the road (need button mapping) super laggy (understand server overload) fps and hit detection need some work over all not a bad game and when the problems are addressed this will be a better game remember day one give it chance to improve if it doesnt then you throw your tantrum demand a refund (i want it now or ill boycott microsoft and cry and troll the game till i feel better about myself)
this game is clunky and feels gross . really poorly done . stick to fortnite
i own it on pc and i love this game . but on xbox it sucks controls are clunky , games are laggy , servers drop to often . graphics suck . save your money and play fortnite
i like everything just need more vehicles .
not even remotely ready for early access .
i been reading all these reviews from cry babys bc the game has issues . it just dropped in the preview program . its gonna get better with time hence the reason its in the preview program . for those that dont know the preview program gives you early access to games in development . it isnt a finished game yet . the game is fun and will only get better from here on out .
my final review on pubg . ive owned since day <num> and the only things that have seen improvement is network lag , frame rate and hasnt crashed in months on me . beyond that to put it bluntly . its garbage . hit recognition is worse than ever , shots still dont fire on reticle most times and horrible desync issues . game audio is also buggy at times with footsteps and shot direction even through headset . i cant and dont recommend this game to anyone in the state its in .
buy this game now its $ <num> . <num> on sale instead of $ <num> . <num> regular . <num> complaints for a $ <num> game . game crashing has been significantly reduced to the point that the crashes resulting from extended play sessions may be gone or almost entirely . make sure you uninstall and then fresh install after every single game update . ive played pubg nearly every single day since december <num> and have not lost hope on it . have some patience you crybabies , they are fixing it , even if they do sometimes seem a bit handicapped . as of june <num> th <num> , pubg on original xbox one with wired connection , (if you use wifi then everything is your own fault) , is in a much better state of playability , but that does not go without saying that the frame rate needs to be improved to <num> fps or preferably better (please give us <num> fps) , and any or all of the lag spikes need that may be remaining need to be smoothed out . tl ; dr ; play pubg , its still addicting & tolerable now ; you whinos can stop crying .
game gets worst with every update still . its like they dont care . let microsoft step in and fix this game already . how can they release a second map when they cant even get the first one right ? nothing but in game issues .
this game has been out for a few months now with around a dozen updates and i must say that from the day one release till now the gameplay has improved from crashes to all around weapon and inventory ui (user interface) . ive noticed it even on my o . g . xbox the frames and render distance are near the same wether the <num> x peeps like it or not look up comparisons lol . i recommend it to anyone who wants a more engaging shooter like fortnite with more weapons and customizations for them , just dont expect aaa performance because even though they are both made with ue <num> pubg is more cpu intensive than fortnite with all the vehicles and explosions happening . if you dont like playing a game as a beta tester almost and giving feedback to the developers to help improve the game in the future this might not be your game .
laggy and my game loads slowly . there is also desync throughout all my matches
guys thiss game isnt finished but its very addictive . i love this title and most of the complaints i see are from people who dont know the control layout .
nothin to say its epic except the game said no and picked a male character instead now i have to pay to change my gender . greatest game ever
great game but the number of times it crashes is nearly unbearable . crashes atleast once an hour and occasionally twice in one game
continue to play on the pc . the console version needs a lot of work . im on the xb <num> x and its buggy and choppy af . controls are confusing at first but youll get used to them . dont expect to be quick and fast like the pc version either . graphics are toned down to probably the lowest on the pc . i would wait to buy this game if i where you , wait till they patch it and it is more smooth . i love pubg but this is a terrible port and needs a lot of work . i would rate this a <num> star but i dont take <num> stars very seriously .
i have had pubg since release and played it on both xbox one s and the xbox one x and have had it installed on a <num> gb ssd and the game still has major issues that i think will never be fixed because the game is a pc port and needs to be remade for consoles like the xbox one ! the game runs so bad on the xbox <num> x that im waiting for call of duty blackout and especially battlefields ring of fire and see battle royal run on the frostbite engine with total destruction and both will run at <num> fps at <num> p while pubg can barely hit <num> fps at <num> p if competition doesnt make pubg better nothing will ! if they cant get pubg better then they need to sell it to a professional developer !
fun , unfinished garbage . controls are broke as hell . it loves to crash , a lot .
i used to really like this game but its so frustrating after awhile with all the lag bugs dont this game not worth the money this stinks on the computer as well just avoid this game at all cost i played the full release of it and they have a battle pass like fortnite and its still broke
input lag , low frame rate , unable to jump from plane , etc .
i was a bit unsure if the game would run well and so far a solid <num> to <num> fps with some bugs not that much this game exceeded my expectations
gonna need a lot of work for it to be completely done . but great game preview release . ill be here <num> ofrthe way as we advance <emoji> <emoji>
this game is awesome to play with friends only issue is when you dont have <num> th player itll take some time to start .
may have something if updates help
this game won game of the year on pc , and thats where it should have stayed . game is hardly compatible with the xbox , and get the xbox one x for <num> fps . are you out of your mind ? its <num> , i should expect to get <num> fps on console , not <num> yearold laptop quality . i mistakenly spent $ <num> ($ <num> per fps) on this game , and i hope whoever reads this wont make the same mistake i did . the firstperson playlist wont save this game . and i havent even mentioned the lag and disconnects . this was a moneysnatching grab , nothing more . stick with fortnite people . update : just because it says <num> complete doesnt make the issues it has acceptable update <num> : gun fights up close are desynching crap
great graphics , realistic shots , love being able to put on attachments . and the updates with a different map add on .
great game but it freezes and the game closes nearly every match i try to play . the buildings also load in late and by the time it does everyone else has weapons . extremely unfair
its not unplayable in its current state , but its far from being good . it has many glaring issues , while also not being optimized very well . moral of the story , wait a couple months and let the developers fix some issues and optimize it well , then buy it for a more enjoyable experience .
although this game is fun . it lacks content . no campaign for the great trailer . terrible bots leaving you to only play online for fun . always playing attack and defend . the game can get very repetitive . very low amount of map to play with . but the game is also very structured intelligent and tactical . every approach should be calculated . and you need to keep your awareness high . make sure you choose the right operator and ability to help you on your mission .
this game is all about teamwork . get five people with mics in a squad and its stupid fun . hit detection is trash . ubisoft servers are trash . game gets infuriating at times , especially when nobody works together . other than that its wildly addicting , and an amazing concept that makes the game worth it , despite ubisofts terrible execution .
let me start by saying <num> of the interactions are great , people are and helpful . that being said , the other <num> are team killers , trolls , and rage messages . i cant count the times ive been messaged when i was the last person that i should or that im trash if i die instead of win . i cant count the times someone has teamkilled me because i took their character . when you find a game where everyone is helpful andor communicating this is by far the best and most fun shooter on the market . i absolutely love this game and community , its just a shame we have to deal with this awful pocket of players .
i hate how theres teamkillers that have no life i go to ranked they kill me then i my rank goes down its not fair but other than that the game is really good ps : teamkillers go play cod hardcore you will like it
if youre looking for a tactical shooting game like me , this game is good for you . you need to be cautious because <num> shots and youre a goner . very realistic when it comes to break ins and you need a strong sense of team work . one flaw is the server and the slight toxic community . thanks <num> reading
theres like <num> solo side ops , no story , but the multiplayer is great . the game is slow paced , but intense , competitive , and very addictive . <emoji>
this game is beyond amazing and incredibly realistic , right down to the gun fights which turn into a chess match on the fly . thats all it is : one big mind game everytime you spawn in . nothing is done without a reason and these tricks take hours to practice which is what makes this game so amazing , but also its downfall (for new players) . this game is unforgiving if youre clueless , you have to rely on wits and outsmart the enemy at every aspect . aspects such as map knowledge , operators , weaponsequipment , game mechanics , etc . the only way to learn this is to duke it out and keep playing until you get ahead of the curve , and trust me youll feel rewarded when you get it down . all in all , new players : dont let this tough game scare you off , theres just a lot to learn but have patience and youll get it ! (you can always youtube trickstips too lol)
this is a great competitive game with tons of content . the game from its outside may feel repetitive , but when you play each round feels different and unique . i have been playing this game for almost a year now and it almost never gets old !
i absolutely love the tactical realism in this game . one mistake and youve lost . i do wish that there was a friendly fire option . i also wish that blackbeards weapon shield had a better duration . but other than that i think it is a very good game , it really keeps you on edge . i hope ubisoft keeps up with the amazing products .
i love everything about the game every game is different its all exciting and challenging . there is some freezing glitches and graphic bugs that need to be addressed but other that the game is a nice change of pace compared to all the other run and gun shooters .
ive been playing for a long time and all i can say is wow ! the game is amazing . i recommend it to casual to hard core gamers . the game never gets repetitive and its always fun , except when you get spawn killed . the <num> problem (i should say <num> problems) is that there is no story mode , its just multiplayer and terrorist hunt , which you can play solo and play with up to <num> friends (unless you play custom game then you can play with up to <num> friends) , also their are some bugs and glitches , but most have been patched up by our awsome developers and will continue to be patched . <num> more really cool thing if your not sure if your going to buy it all dlcs (downloadable content) are free , however the catch to this is that the characters you have to buy . (hold on to your horses ! ) you can buy them with real money which is $ <num> . <num> dollars a character or you can buy them with the in game currency which is <num> , <num> renown which you get fairly fast , or you could buy the seasons pass which is $ <num>
this game is amazing . even after two years , it still gets updated with new content . the matches are all about strategy and wit , with a good reason to aim for the head . the learning curve is a bit steep , however , if you can commit the time to learn and practice , youll have an incredibly rewarding experience .
i like it all around it reminds me of counter strike but on roids <emoji> in my opinion there should be an option to get into games wo friendly fire or w friendly fire . dont really like the vets that play this game because when they see other players that are terrible at this game theyll get players to vote kick them or just bullies them like killing you so youd sit out a round <emoji> if anything people should help inexperienced players because how else are new players are suppose to learn ? and if people are experiencing that situation , like myself before when i was a beginner , that would really make me dislike the game .
brilliant , and can be fun but in ranked you often get abandon penaltys for no reason , or you get a penalty for the bad servers shutting down which is unfair . i have also experienced heavy losses from my team rage quitting or getting removed for team killing , which counts against you . the whole ranked system is nonsense , it suppose to set you with players your skill but i find myself against a bunch of platinum players (a very high rank) and im a bronze rank . but however if you manage to get a good team or not get kicked the game is pretty fun and is really realistic , and the graphics are amazing , if you play this game ranked or not i recommend you squad up with some buddies , and use communication .
this game is addicting af , it never gets boring because its a different experience every single match . its a very fun game with friends , but also when you go lone wolf . one thing i dont like about the game is the ranked mode is still in beta , but thats pretty much it . i would definitely recommend this if you like tactical and very addicting games : )
this is a really awesome game . the gameplay is super fun and rewarding and each match is different so the game never feels repetitive . one of the best parts about the game is that every few months the developers release new content for free ! that is what makes me come back to this game time and time again , because the developers actually care about it and arent just trying to make a quick buck . sure , there are bugs every now and then but they are usually minor and are fixed quickly in an update . i cant recommend this game more , its great to play by yourself and with friends . its just a great game .
honestly , one of the best fps games to come out in a long time . it requires teamwork and precision , and it is hard on new comers . give it time , learn the game and i promise you it is well worth the money .
the best fun i had . and gotta love the free dlc .
good game but getting team killed for no reason is bs feel like i cant enjoy the game when i play with a random that team kills me for no reason
this is a great game but its that people are toxic and will kill you for picking a character some one wanted .
the game requires patience and without it , your going to be punished . while very unforgiving , you always find yourself itching for more . it provides a very unique gaming especially on consoles . all of the one stars are from people who cant even get one kill a match . the first two weeks of this game are going to be painful but once you understand the game mechanics things are going to much more satifying . definitely worth a buy .
this game rewards a steady hand and requires skill to get anywhere in it . newer players trying to get into it by going into straight into multiplayer will more than likely have their view of the game ruined by a high ranked player trolling in casual . ranked isnt as bad , but if you arent skilled enough , the other players might vote kick you . if youre okay with a somewhat toxic community , a few bugs , and slightly laggy servers , i would recommend trying this game , its very well thought out . its fun if you have a competitive edge and take the time to learn and get better at the game . each person has their own way of playing this game , and this game can cater to that .
this game is fun addictive and challenging which keeps me coming back for more . ive been playing since day one and this game continues to improve . downside is the bad servers and constant outages and maintenance , trolls , and team killing . overall its worth the buy .
this game is awsome . way more strategic than any other <num> st person shooters . great way to bond with a team . it is best expierianced with a team of people with mics . super challenging , which is what you want in games . no game ive played lately has top this game . filled with instant fun .
the game has a good community and is mostly fun . when it comes to matchmaking , ranked is fun with a squad and so is casual but if you decide to play with randoms , seven out of ten times your team is brain dead and the other team is full of diamond ranked players . i have been playing this game for about a year and think the game and even season pass were worth the buy .
to start off this game has a steep learning curve to it and playing from the start isnt easy and very challenging . this game is a fun fps for tactical tryhard players so dont surprised when you die often . the dlc is free but requires you spend time gaining renown(ingame earned money) which you get plenty of from playing matches . ubisoft makes this game more enjoyably every season and i will say this game isnt perferct , but i have played since december <num> and i experienced many problems but ubisoft eventually fixes them . the has more pros than cons .
although there are alot of bugs and glitches that can make the game frustrating sometimes its an overall great game thats even better with friends and it requires strategic gameplay that decides the way your match is gonna go , also there is no need to buy any of the season passes since ive played this game for <num> months now and have bought all the characters with renown( in game currency) which is alot more fun than spending real life money on something you can easily get . peace & thx for reading ! ✌
great change of pace . got so tired of the fastpaced shooters that take zero teamwork or strategy . this game is built upon those two aspects and its fantastic . ubisoft knows whats up .
it takes some practice but its fun . the dlc can be bought with in game money you get for playing and they constantly balance the game and the dlcin game content
fun and a little tense . side note : for every <num> nice player there is ten willing to kill the team because he thinks its fair and that theyre better , but quite oftenly thats completely wrong .
i love the tactical realism ! i agree there should be a friendly fire option but then that would take away from the reality of the game . spawn killing is a big problem especially with seasoned players . i say just change the timer that they cannot go outside for a few seconds after the prep phase is over so attackers can get out of the spawn at least . all around great game .
this is a great semi tactical fps , but most of the players are there to ruin the game , not play along . and im not talking about good players who are undefeatable . trolls , team killers , people kicking you for one or no errors , offensive language , and so on . just general greif , and the worst part is ubisoft hasnt done to much to fix it , in fact they probably embrace it . ive played tons of online fpss and ive havent seen grief this bad and consistent in a long time . it makes online border line unplayable , pvp or co op pve . but if you find saints among sinners , this game can be very fun and enjoyable . i sadly have little hope for the online community so i miss out on a lot of stuff , cause i typically play solo .
takes time to get good but very enjoyable .
if you see this rating and you dont have the game , buy it !
a few hours is enough to realise that without friends to play together with or a system to prevent early quitters from wasting players time and the occasional scumbag ending games instantly with a team kill or someone purposely failing a mission immediately as it begins makes this game unplayable solo and a very tough purchase at <num> $ . in short wait until the price drops ( <num> $) , look for a sale or wait until it becomes free to play so that your not left with a feeling of buyers remorse . also note that this game somehow managed to make me bother with writing my first review out of pure frustation . only fun is with friends or a good team .
the game at its core is brutal and unforgiving , something most games lack . while the odd teamkill or kick may dampen the experience , it is still a wonderful tactical shooter . with the constant updates to the gun play or mechanics or even new operators and maps , its always fresh . the only downside is the sheer amount of blatant pay walls (however , theyre generally cosmetic items with no real advantage) .
matchmaking takes ages . but the game is fun
the game is so addicting i love the guns how realistic the game is when you kill people and the cameras are so o . p . but a <emoji> is that theres friendly fire i mean i like the fact there trying to make it like real life but theres lots of jerks out there that wont hezitate to kill u
probably the most tactical first person shooter ive ever played . the game is deep and rewarding to play . players who have a plan will always beat those who just run and gun so teamwork is vital . the game is super addicting , the first <num> hours or so , but , i hate how much renown is needed for cosmetics and later operators in the game . i recommend this game but expect some grinding to get the really cool operators .
i love this game so much . i play this game everyday . the only thing i dont like is i get match making errors every <num> games . other than that its a great game <emoji> . also im updating riggt now i wish us console players be able <num> lean without aiming . still i love the game but if ubisoft could add that would be great .
the game is fun and heart racing , but being teamkilled then kicked from a ranked match as soon as the round starts is complete bs that should be fixed asap .
great team based first person shooter very realistic unlike cod . all the different operators are very unique . this game is awesome .
first of all stop complaining about how the second season pass is a rip off all it does is give stuff you can earn . then this game is not repitive omg i know right its hard to believe but its not , you have to trust me here ! finally it is a alot of fun especially with friends and the community is asome like if you played seige you have to know lord tachancka .
i like the variety of unique characters
it is a very tactical game and it is very , very fun . there are a variety of characters to play as and every year they add more . teamwork is important and you can squad with friends
tachanka doesnt have a segway <num>
this game is like a drug ; it is fun . the multiplayer is fun and i rarely find toxic players . the game feels balanced and destructability gives the gamer the option to be creative . there are also more than <num> + operators so the game never feels the same . it also encourages communication as some situations require you to talk to teammates . as much as i love rainbow there are a few flaws . the game is pretty difficult as a new player . ranked in this game is broken (but should be fixed soon) and the game is prone to crashes and disconnection . it is also kind of dumb that you need to buy two season passes . if ubisoft could fix this the game would be a lot better . otherwise , the game usually plays really well . if this games issues can be fixed , it would get <num> stars . i highly recommend this game to anybody looking to try a new tactical shooter .
unlike anything in the market . they really went all out on this game . super fun and addicting . this makes up for the division .
pathetic . bowing down to chinas dictatorship . uninstall .
mostly populated by a bunch of douchebag try hards . me and freinds that play are casual players and
ridiculous amounts of server issues for a game that has been out since <num> . when youre not getting constantly disconnected from matches , youre getting paired up with some kid named dank$niper <num> that team kills you over and over while he yells at his stepmom for getting pepperoni bagel bites instead of four cheese . <num> wouldnt buy again .
this game is good ! very addicting ! many of operaters , guns , and more to unlock ! its bassically attack and defend . like addicting games youll be attatched to ! then get this game !
a game with rare depth , satisfying tactical gameplay that cultivates and rewards teamwork .
the biggest problem is that everyone team kills and votes for you to be kicked and report you wtf . why is there friendly fire anyway this game has turned to . the hitboxes suck now everyone spawn kills or everyone goes outside fix your ubisoft
free dlc , but season pass is well worth it ! cant put this game down and even when i do , i keep coming back to it ! hands down , my favorite game on xbox one and top <num> of all time ! but , its not for everyone and you will find yourself questioning the validity of kills here and there . rage quitters look elsewhere .
take this one star of censorship and shove it up your chinese bowing as . this is a mature rated game depicting combat and you want to teenify it by removing blood , skulls , and gambling references to appease xi jingpei ? just wait until western folks vote with their wallets and you start feeling it like ea has . now go choke on some yuan , scumbags . youll not see another cent from me again .
super tight controls . sick textures and sound . super addictive , not rinse and repeat like cod . balanced gameplay . varied levels . you are a must own tom .
the multiplayer is fun , but just after an hour of gameplay , it begins to feel repetitive . most games i play would usually contain a variety of multiplayer moods . having only two different modes to play can easily get dull . to be honest , i like this game , but it lacks the desirable qualities i see in most games . with only having this game for a few hours , i still havent developed an entire opinion . because of this block , ive given rainbow six siege a five star rating . (if you actually read this all the way , youve received my deepest respect for being a truth seeker . <emoji> )
hands down my most played game i own on any of my platforms but the matchmaking mechanics prevent it from being <num> stars . i can not count the number of times i have been kicked from an online ranked match to then not be given the option to rejoin . in any other game id shrug it off but in this one you lose ranking and get hit with a <num> minute ban for their poor servers . speaking of the servers , they are pretty frequently down (like today) , or having maitenance being done which is pretty frustrating for a game that has no campaign and is almost completely multiplayer only . all that said , i will be playing this game until those servers crash completely or are turned off because i only hate all the server issues because it prevents me from being able to play more .
rainbow <num> siege is a fantastic game built for people who take games a bit more seriously but still want the casual fun . however the dislikes i have arent about griefing or trolls , my dislike is how every update seems to have a balance between good and bad . by that i mean say ubisoft fixed a problem thats been around for ages , yet when they do the start of a new to possibly more detrimental bug is exposed . so i do enjoy the game , ill play for hours at a time , but this game can definitely be better if it was better taken care of .
realistic destruction , sounds , and gameplay mixed with a variety of guns , maps , and customization makes each gameround feel different and unique .
ima keep this short and sweet . in your face shooter . team work is key . there r no respawning in game untill each round . cons teamkilling happend to many kids need more adults . other then that great shooter
its a great game but i really wish they would have a better team balancing system because im always paired up with noobs or trolls . i wish they also had a campaign so i can sit back and relax instead of being tense all the time because there is always at least one try hard on a team for casual . i also want them to fix the ranking system because i was playing with my friends and lost connection to the r <num> servers and when i rejoined my game i lost the match and lost two ranks because it counted some for leaving the match and the loss . i know its in beta but it shouldnt do that to me . also even with the new update there is actually still some bad hit registration because i headshotted a guy <num> times chest shotted him <num> times but nothing happened even after my friend shot him <num> more times in the chest . its a good game but they should fix some of this . they also need to fix the teamkilling banning system because if someone is trolling you can only kill them once otherwise you get banned
didnt give it <num> stars only because this game has currency called renown , the creators jack up the price to ridiculous amounts if you dont have season pass or the need to pay more money . i unlocked everything without paying extra . the characters are <num> renown wo pass which takes awhile but this game is so addicting once you learn , you can achieve it all . forget your actual job this is rainbow <num> seige . noobs always welcomed !
ive played r <num> s on and off for awhile . the game has interesting maps , operators , and unlockables . a lot of things are very expensive and focused a bit more towards paying actual money for it . which im not much of a fan of . i enjoy the destruction of maps with a tactical take on everything . however none of this really matters in the end . when a game is focused around multiplayer , it is the community that really determines if the game is fun or not . first two matches today . first round , before i could move i get team killed . second round , i get team killed preparing the position . third round , tkd by same guy who then gets kickedleaves . voting to kick them , instead <num> people vote to kick me . completely new match . i havent even moved yet , and because im simply talking i already have <num> people voting to kick me . all i said lets do this . the community makes this game far from enjoyable . unless you play with friends , half the time youre getting tkd no matter your skill lvl .
i got on rainbow , and then my year <num> and year <num> operator are gone . they were there yesterday ( <num> ) and now they are gone . hoping its a bug . i got these operators with the season passes . anyways , good luck with this game . its a pretty good fps game ive played in a while .
this tom clancy title is one of if not the best one , for new comers its brutal due to the matchmakings nature witch pits greenies with seasoned vets (needs improvement) . as for glitches go it truly pitiful witch is to be expected with such a competitive game players are always looking for was to get one step ahead of others , but with the new season blood orchid i and manny others hope the game is takeing a step in the right direction with <num> + bugglitch fixes and revision of the engine . so now for the big question is it worth your hard earned money ? in my opinion yes , its a great game even though it needs improvement the devs are always hard at work improving it so if you do deside to buy tom clancys rainbow six siege sitck with it and i am sure you will enjoy it . p . sprays chanka <emoji>
if you dont have friends to play with , you need to spend your money elsewhere ! otherwise prepare for the most toxic gaming community on xbox with a whole lot of random teamkills and votes to get kicked from game for literally no reason at all . also prepare for a very terrible matchmaking experience that puts you in already lost matches with a <num> score , makes you join matches where you have to sit out the whole first round , makes you join matches against high ranking players that are partied with their friends , while you have low ranked newbies as your teammates . but with friends , the game is really fun ! <emoji>
the game can be fun and challenging with friends , but <num> of the community is toxic . teamkills and bad sportsmanship galore . fun game with friends , a test in sanity and patience otherwise
he launches exploading hocky pucks into your room , suddenly the kill feed is filled with an octopus man gets your team killed . i saw <num> kill then another and another , i was then the last man on my team . then i saw it said round won . i saw the kill feed and he killed the hostage . i still see him in my nightmares , i see him in my window at night . he still scares me to this day .
rainbow six siege is a really fun game to play wheither youre competitive or a casual player . it is mainly a tactical semi slow paced shooter . there is new content , new characters and maps every season . the game leans more towards the competitive side and it is alot of fun with friends , going solo is not as much fun most of the time but there is a strong community for the game so finding players is easy there are also some draw backs to the game for example the game is pleagued with bad servers and hit regisration and net code problems . matchmaking can also be very frustrating with re joining games you quit or getting stuck at an loading screen and then having to restart the game . <num> years later they still have not fixed these issues and are consentrating more on adding free and paid content instead of fixing the core game first . alpha packs (rng loot boxes) are also a thing but they are <num> cosmetic . there are also <num> or more types of currency for the game which is very confusing .
ubisoft forces us to play a downgraded game just to satify the communistic chinese government
dont buy and support ubisofts bow to chinese censorship .
ubisoft is bowing down to the cruel communist regime of china . in the next season , they will censor parts of the game for communist audiences . uninstalled .
grab your squad , grab some friends and set back and play some rainbow ! this game is fit for you if you love using your mind (unlike my ex) . you should have a great time my dudes ! definately try it !
i recently got back ino this to play with some friends who just got the game and were all around level <num> . were just sick of being matched against people who are three times our levels in casual games . this game has a fun and unique playstyle , but that fun quickly goes away when in almost every game your matched against significantly more experienced . it also should be noted that no matter how skilled you are in this game youll lose every engagement against another player if they have better internet . this game would be so much more enjoyable if the devs fix matchmaking and fix client side lag comp .
i really like this game but censoring it <num> years after launch to appease chinas backwards rules is unacceptable . i recommend you do not buy unless ubisoft goes back on the plans to change the game to chinese standards .
im sick of my dlc ops dissapearing and frost shows up in my ready to install , so i install it , and then dlc operators early access goes into my ready to install . update : ive given a <num> star review because there are so many crybaby <num> star reviews for no reason . you didnt lose anything from the season pass ! the season pass covers operators only ! dlc maps are <num> free ! we lost <num> map that could return as theres no way they havent even started working on it yet , and the polish season was replaced with operation health , and put before hk dlc . you still get exactly what you paid for , stop crying kids .
i cant believe the amount of censorship going into this game stop its rated m for a reason
ela was born on a farm . she knows how to raise a cock .
really fun game when u got a good group i cant wait for more content to come out
however , you must have <num> other people for this game to shine . it is very uncommon that you will find someone that is playing this game alone , for the scenario that you only have <num> friends to play with . or when you have <num> friends to play with , you must disappoint one of them with the news that they cannot play with you . it is a shame that they only have <num> player modes and for that reason , i knocked off a star . otherwise , the content is great , and i hope more games like this come out in the future and they keep working on this game .
most people on this game are little kids <num> , trolls , and who think that they are better than their team . its not the game , its the players . enjoy :
at first this game was great , now its just team killing and trolls . i officially regret buying the digital copy of this game . way to fail ubisoft .
blows all other fps games away . it keeps you coming back for more .
although lacking the veteran single player , rainbow six : siege delivers a fun , quick , refreshing , arcade like style to the r <num> title . online only , players earn in game credits that they can choose to spend on the individual operators , or an operators gear . from gign , to fbis hostage rescue , and even the navy seals , operators have their own unique tactical abilities and firearms . if you consider this game i suggest learning basic breaching mechanics . team cooperation always helps as well .
this is an m rated game thats being toned down to suit chinese sensibilities , even though theres no crossplay
i got the game in <num> and with the season pass , this has been the best shooter on the market to date . its not mindless like cod was . its morden (like moddern warfare was) . it has fantastic game play & while there is no campaign , it makes up with amazing online play , a situation mode where you can get familiar with the characters . terrorist mode where you can change difficulty levels and work as a squad to eliminate the terrorist threat . in my opinion the most fun is getting aparty with friends and playing online . highly recommend this game .
this game needs a great amount of patience for new players . hardcore game meta .
its woth the money but make sure you get the season pass , not needed but very much recomended <emoji>
i absolutely loved siege up until ubisoft decided to be the laziest and greediest scum out there . theyve decided to censor certain elements in everyones copy of siege so that itll be commie china friendly . ubisoft for forcing commie chinas backwards censorship on people who dont even live in china . weve put up with bs since y <num> and this is the last straw . hopefully theyll see the error of thier ways and fix this . its rated m for fcksake
i love this game but with <num> hours i have logged onto this game i can tell you that the community is super toxic , matchmaking is absolutely broken and the game is still infected with the same issues its had for months and years .
this game has one of the worst communities ive ever seen , teamkilling and some serious poor sports . i have put over <num> hours into this game and have experienced nothing but whiners , but i still play cause i love the game itself . but if you cant deal with toxic gamers , dont buy , sadly this game is full of them .
i really enjoy this game , but they should add more situations , players going outside is big problemo , i have no problem with the last person standing kind of simulation . i enjoy the ranked project but it has been in beta for quite a while but i understand it takes time to work on the championships . the one thing i find annoying are the teamkillers , sometime i accidental teamkill and get a <num> day or <num> min ban . also one last thing if you at all compare this game to the lastest fps games (cod and bf) you dont at all deserve this one of a kind game .
give this a like if you love our lord tachanka but in all reality this is the closest youre gonna get to a real shooting game . it takes a lot of skill to be good unlike cod where any noob can be good .
i was expecting this new roblox server to be uniteresting and boring like most roblox server , but this game is different ; fluid combat , tactical strategy , and new gameplay mechanics use the roblox engine to its fullest potential . therefore i give cs : go in roblox <num> stars , nice work roblox team !
probably my favorite fps to date and the developers are constantly updating the game to keep it fair and balanced . on the other hand this is by far the bugiest fps ever , you will come across them often when you play this game , which is especially upsetting during ranked play , but by far the worst thing is the crashes , which occur most of all . these things dont stop me from playing , its still an amazing game , but with all the bugs and no real campaign it just cant be a <num> .
great game a must have . not for the casual cod player . this game is not repetitive at all !
i like the fact of it being challenging but there are some people that dont get used to its flaws every game has one or more but there are glitches and trolls and there are people that go afk or disconnect but you just need to wait and then you have fun do not start on ranked .
i think what yall have done is gr <num> bc its better then buying the game again with season pass . also shows yall have faith into evolving the experience more and making it more challenging . also try to work out these kinks a little more with the servers and glitches . please and thank u <num> a incredible , realistic , game ! <emoji>
fast pace game . challenging at moments but its enjoyable . exept for the trolling
the game was good at first until they decided that stuff that wasnt really broken needed to be fixed . if you do buy expect headshots to not matter and poor matchmakings
this game is awsome ive been playing sice the start i hope it will keep being popular <emoji> ✌ <emoji> !
by far the best tactical first person shooter game ever dont quit it takes a while to learn and get good
lemons lemons why dis gam has no lemons
siege used to be a lotta fun during the first season , then the updates started rolling out . game breaking bugs frequently occurred . it was chaos . many glitches have been patched , but many are still riddled throughout the game . i rated <num> stars and not <num> because i cant go <num> game without a failure for a headshot to register . let alone the blue screen glitch and the constant disconnection issues in ranked . please fix this game and please buff tachanka .
the game had a rough launch but the support is fantastic . constant updates with game balancing in mind ; this game gets better everyday !
this game is amazing but everyone is toxic
the game is fun , the maps are beautifully designed and the gameplay itself is hard but enjoyable . the problem is the multiplayer matchmaking , it takes far to long to get into a match on average it takes <num> minutes . so while it is a great competitive shooter the matchmaking just cripples it .
this game would be amazing if the hitboxes werent broken , ranked still isnt complete after <num> years , and theres alot glitches . the gameplay makes up for it though . with just a little bit more work this game would be perfect .
it doest tell th complete an full story from when tom clancy wrote rainbow six (for people who dont know its a real book) , but this game is so fun and addicting . at least it has horizons chemical (from book) . but all round gret game , has issues but ubisoft supports it .
a bunch of unsportsman like kids play this game . cant play a game without a teammate intentionally killing me to the point where im boycotting this game
this game is hard . hard enough that it often infuriates those who are new to the game . this is a barrier to entry that must be overcome , but when it is this game becomes an exceptional experience . get through this barrier and you will have game worth many hundreds of hours . good luck .
great game , good graphics , very competitive , addicting af many operators to choose from . the game really gives you a perspective of what its like in warfare . <num> game , maybe ubisoft can make a way how to get credits instead of buying them , but i can understand they dont do that . but dont play it if you have mcdonalds wifi .
this game is great you can play as the koolaids man , a dorito , gosh even a god <emoji> to name a few but beware of toxic teams .
fix it or i will proceed to no longer play anything with ubisoft . this game is turning into for honor .
this game is very competitive . i stay away from casual . because no one takes it serious and they tk . ranked will raise your game and be enjoyable if you love competition and have patience n the desire to be great . but somtimes you get the occasional random who kills your vibe i would say for better enjoyment play with <num> buddys at the minimum . but me n my pal do fine with us <num> n randoms as we were gold <num> last season . n oh yeah beware of the dreaded glaz
tired of being team killed on almost every match
i shoot someone cause they killed me last round and then i killed them and i got a banne for <num> hours what next
this game is wonderful , if ur a fan of fps games i stongly recommend giving this a try . the graphics are great and its addicting to play . its a little unforgiving to newbys but if u put in the time n effort i promise its worth it . now dont just hop n multiplayer take ur time to learn a lil first . this game is not run and gun its tactics new to those of us who fell in love with the cod franchise . its a blast though a little more competitive , but if u play to have fun n u wont put it down . not to mention steady flow of updates n new content every year i give it a <num> all day .
this game is very fun and toxic at the same time . if you are good at cod or bf then you should not think this game as run in guns blazing and to see what that wierd noise was because you will die from trained or good players . the game has all these charecters that have their specific gadget for strategic plays but i dont think the dlc characters shold cost money
you carry your team and say that you suck
okay so i have been playing this game for a year and a half and after i did the recent update it stopped working i can get to the main menu but every time i press the start button and it starts to load the stuff it just goes back to the xbox home menu its a really fun game and the only option i have is to uninstall and reintall it and if that works ill change to <num> but if it doesnt you wont see an update to this post
great game ! only problem is how toxic people are so its best to play with a full squad of friends or make looking for group post stating not to tk
ubisoft has done it again ! siege has captured the absolute essence of the rainbow six franchise and presents the player with fastpaced , tactical , <num> v <num> , closequarters , roundbased combat . the game offers a staggering variety of operators and gadgets that complements nearly every style of gameplay and skill set imaginable and has an almost perfect balance between attacked and defenders resulting in highly competitive rounds when matched with other likeskilled players . ubisofts commitment to the game , to date , had been unwavering , offering frequent updates for bug fixes and fresh content each season in the form of new operators , new maps , as well as rebalancing of legacy operators to ensure no single breaking operator exists . new players will potentially feel a little intimidated at first given the sheer amount of content in game but will quickly come up to speed . if youre looking for a game that has a perfect blend of strategy , tactics , and plan execution , youve found it !
hi my name is capitao and my nose is flatter than a side walk eam kill me so that y nose can get normal plz help if you dont auschwitc is coming to town
the game is good , but its fing ridiculous how many times ive been team killed . not to mention how im currently banned for <num> hours for defending myself from a team killer , and if thats not bad enough i cant get the ban lifted . please fix this problem
go into this with a friend or two . when school gets out , kids will teamkill , or boot you if you dont pull their weight . as for gadgets , pretty good . weapons get a solid d . point blank <num> . <num> rounds dont kill ? shoot a watermelon with a <num> . <num> and record the result , ubisoft ! thus indicating programmers have never been in a shootout , or research from a desk and youtube for ideas . im a gun collector , and these guns do not handle like the real thing . no slugs for shotguns ? but they put skins in for dlc , some look like a crayon . no sense of stealth , you can hear you enemies too well through massive headgear and cement buildings . hit detection buggy , and shotguns only wound point blank shot patterns dissipate after <num> yards . real shot patterns will go a football field . ranked lobbys feels like babysitting , prepare to be paired with annoying <num> year olds . <num> stars , save your money .
this game contains <num> rainbows very disappointing
its fairwell a great game but its hard to get expensive ops , and its ridiculous for $ <num> a op thats actually good , and for poor gamers it would take months to just get a good op . and noobs (recruits) cant play the casual without a lvl <num> + toxic player killing them . and often theres lag from a poor gamer that is host . and they need <num> rknwn costing ops , to cost <num> rknwn that would help alot , and i cant just get <num> rknwn every game , i need a faster way
avoid quickplay <num> of matches are gnna end in someone rage teamkilling you fr zero reaspn . best fps out still
great game but some people are just too toxic
this game is truly a masterpiece of design . the graphics are incredible , frames always <num> a second for online play and the details are amazingly complicated . this game may be $ <num> dollars , but the game has free play days and goes more than <num> off very frequently . the operators are balanced except for blitz and caviera , (opinion , dont hate) . the dlc and cosmetics are somewhat inexpensive and will give you hundreds of hours to kill in competitive gameplay . this shooter is the most realistic and tactical of its kind on the market , so this game should not be your first fpsshooter . rainbow <num> is also very slowpaced , but at the same time goes by very quickly in the heat of the battle . you should know that this game offers a oneshot headshot no respawn type of gameplay , so if you dont want such a hardcore enviroment , perfect realism , and a slowpaced game , you would probably prefer a game like overwatch . it should be noted that unfortuately <num> of the siege communtity is crazy toxic <emoji>
overall , the game can be fun , character designs are great , maps are fun . you can customize your guns with camos as well as headgear however it looks kinda dumb having arctic camo headgear with a woodland camo bdu . let us change outfits too ! youll be lucky if you dont get team killed for choosing another character that someone else was going to pick or booted for no reason . the comunity is the most toxic comunity i have played with and it makes the game way less enjoyable .
great game , but needs improvement . good graphics . not the best , but fits the game . smooth gameplay . it has a lot of glitches tho . and finally it has fun , interesting operators . each operator is unique in their own way . but at times this game plays like its the worst fps ever . <num> . errorconnection error . this happens a lot even tho my connection fine . <num> . matchmaking is still annoying . <num> . people are so disrespectful . people will kill u if u make a mistake , steal their kill , & or choose the operator they wanted . its so embarrassing . especially if they rage quit . plus half the kills are so nonrealistic . half of them are bs . btw each dlc operator is <num> k reown . kinda too much , but oh well . dont get me wrong , this game is amazing but needs improvement . its only worth it if it is $ <num> or less . plus if u going to get this game u are going to want to play with friends and use mic . until ubisoft fix this game , im not going to play this game <num> <emoji> ✌
r <num> is a great but if anyone is experiencing a bug where your dlc operators are gone , just delete everything (besides saved data) . reinstall everything when you go back to your game and you should have all of operators back . also , team killing isnt that much of an issue (in the amount of time ihave played , im lvl <num> on xbone an lvl <num> on ps <num> )
all the people who rate <num> stars are just salty that the game is hard its fun to if u actully go to play for fun with strat rulet
i didnt pay <num> usd to get killed my a <num> year on my team but when i kill him i get temp banned for <num> hours ? thats like buying a broken disc fix your game
in rainbow six siege , its not a rushing and killing game . it requires stealth and waiting to get a kill because everyone gets <num> life per round and this is what i like about the game . another thing i like about the game is if you are frustrated at multiplayer or want to have fun , you can play terrorist hunt with your friends . the things i dont like about this game is team killing especially when im trying to do something and teamates get in the way and you accidentally kill them or accidentally destroy their gadgets witch they might get mad and kill you . another thing i dont like this makes sense but , is if someone chooses a operator you want to be , you cant be that operator for the round . besides the things i dont like , its pretty worth the money if you ask me .
realistic , fun and challenging <emoji>
if you like getting shot by your squad . this is the game for you . toxic players abound . do not waste your money .
the servers still suck . the hit registration is broke still and has not been fixed the matchmaking is a continuing problem of being unbalanced in every aspect . they took <num> months of content and turned it into more problems
there are many operators to choose from and more to come . the game is still updated to this day with a new mode
i love the flow of the game and how tactical it like csgo
good fps i enjoy playing it . but whats really annoys me (and many others) is when playing in ranked matches and you happen to lag out , the game will give you temp ban .
great game but is ruined by the community that constantly team kills for the slightest thing .
player base is too toxic to have fun without <num> other friends in your squad
ubisoft , this game is great and i highly recommend it to anyone looking to pick up a fps . its very fast paced with a lot of destruction to back that up . one thing though . on pc you can lean from the hip and on console you cant . and i know some peopleare think why would you make a paragraph long review about that ? but if your a experienced player in this game , you would know how important that is . in a game where a second could spell out wi or lose , thats kinda a big deal . anyway , thank you for taking the time to read this review . i really hope ubisoft comes to realize how important this is and imputs it into consoles and not just pc !
im new to the game and its good but its unplayable cause over these three days that ive been playing ive been intentionally team killed damn near every match or every other . if i could get my money back i would , what waste when this game has so much to offer . i dont even want to talk about the sexual harassment and racist things being said in game
we will fix the game and servers
game has tons of operators to choose from , making it alot more fun . but dont really like how it says <num> v <num> or <num> v <num> . ect . if that were taken away it would increase the rate at which the element of suprise is available . and being able to see teammates through walls has really proved helpful . i love the game . i suggest you buy it . if your into fast paced , strategic , and realistic games .
almost unplayable , and if youre looking to buy it , dont , if youre new and people see that theyll kick you or kill you (your teamates will kill you)
first off i wanna start by saying that i love siege ! i love the tactical moments and teamwork that can be used , gun play is fun except for when you completely obliterate ash but the gods swoop down and pick her up to crack a random head shot . but the main reason im making this is it to say operation health is the biggest pile of trash ive ever seen . they have completely broken the health and bullet mechanics ! which has completely ruined my experience for this update ! knowing that this is a ubisoft game and its on xbox , i know there wont be any updates to fix most of the stuff that is broken any time soon . even with an update im sure theyll just break more stuff .
i am completely astonished by the lack of effort ubisoft puts into fixing this game . the servers are horrible , the balance of matchmaking for fair games is a joke ! ubisoft has made it very clear they couldnt care less about their game or its players . i highly advise to not purchase this game if your internet is not top of the line . many issues have been out right ignored and will most likely never be fixed . this game and its developers are unreliable and not worth anymore of my or anyone elses time or money !
spawn in get peaked and die . next round get team killed
the game feels so stiff and clunky
i like this game a lot it is challenging and fun at the same time this isthe typee of game that i would love to play in my free time .
good rule <num> but game sucks .
get used to people teamkilling you because they have nothing better to do . ive been killed by my teammates more than my enemies . good scam , its too late to get a refund now . <emoji> ubisoft is dead to me
i like about this game is the variety of the worlds special forces spetsnaz , sas fbi swat gs <num> all greats units with own abilitys , but the game is turning into cs : go with skins and now lots of headgear and uniforms . they need to focus on hit registration , ashs hit box . server lag . and lagging out of games . focus on the game performance not how bright my uniform gets . please fix the game nobody in the r <num> community wants this to die as a franchise
i like the game . but i own year <num> pass and the content is unavailable ingame . also i made additional ingame purchases and they too are unavailable . as you can imagine i am very displeased with these difficulties and i do hope this is addressed . this is currently my favorite game and i just want what i purchased(months ago . )
i have been playing this game for awhile now and i have noticed some faults but i have to say they fix it almost every update . besides some weapon issues it is a fantastic game . it has really good graphics , good animations , very realistic .
they need to remove team killing <num> of casual games are you getting tkd and ranked hardly ever finds a game
its kinda like csgo at times it has different characters each with a gadget or ability from navy seals or spetsnaz and much more the season pass gives you everything earlier and boosts so its not unfair
ranked is still beta after <num> year of being out . headshots tend to not register . constant lagging out and disconnecting . too many diamonds with smurf accounts . fix the servers and hit reg
good game to play smash or pass <emoji> (german babes) <emoji> warning servers may crap all over you ! proceed with caution ! butt remember the babes .
